src/stories/src/components/chips/chips.mdx, before:

import { Default as ChipsDemo } from './chips.stories';
import { ChipsDefaultCodeHtml } from './code/chips-default';
import { ChipsChoiceCodeHtml } from './code/chips-choice';
import { ChipsFilterCodeHtml } from './code/chips-filter';
import { ChipsInputCodeHtml } from './code/chips-input';

<PageSection>

# Chips

The chip-set and chip components are used to display either grouped, or individual, interactive chip elements.

Chips can have one of the following types:

* Choice - Allows for selecting only one chip at a time
* Filter - Allows for selecting multiple chips.
* Action - A chip that acts as button for performing an action.
* Input - A chip that is "deleteable" and can be used to transform text into a chip element.
* Field - A chip that is intended to be used within a form field, such as the [chip-field component](?path=/story/components-chip-field--default).

> If you are trying to use chips as non-interactive elements, consider using a [badge component](?path=/story/components-badge--default) instead.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Example

### Actions

<LiveDemo codeHtml={ChipsDefaultCodeHtml()}>
  <ChipsDemo type="action" />
</LiveDemo>

### Choice

<LiveDemo codeHtml={ChipsChoiceCodeHtml()}>
  <ChipsDemo type="choice" />
</LiveDemo>

### Filter

<LiveDemo codeHtml={ChipsFilterCodeHtml()}>
  <ChipsDemo type="filter" />
</LiveDemo>

### Input

<LiveDemo codeHtml={ChipsInputCodeHtml()} >
  <ChipsDemo type="input" />
</LiveDemo>

> **Tip:** By setting the type on the `<forge-chip-set>` element, the `<forge-chip>` elements can omit it, and they will inherit the type from the chip-set.
> Each chip can set its own type if desired.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Chip set

### Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets the dense state.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="vertical" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets the orientation of the chip set to be aligned vertically instead of the default horizontal orientation.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="type" type="ChipType" defaultValue="&quot;action&quot;">

Sets the type of chips that this chip set contains.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets the disabled state of the chip set.
  
</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Chip

### Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets the disabled state of this individual chip.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="type" type="ChipType" defaultValue="&quot;action&quot;">

Sets the type for this chip.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selected" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets the whether the chip is selected or not.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="value" type="string" defaultValue="null">

Sets the value associated with the chip. This value should be unique across all chips in the chip set.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls the dense state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="invalid" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls the invalid state.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                   | Description
| :----------------------| :----------------
| `forge-chip-select`      | Emits when an action, filter, or choice chip is clicked.
| `forge-chip-delete`      | Emits when the delete button on an input chip is clicked.

> **Note:** It's recommended that you take advantage of event propagation and listen for the event(s) on the `<forge-chip-set>` element.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Name                                | Description
| :-----------------------------------| :----------------
| **Type: input**                     |
| `delete / backspace`                | Emits the delete event.
| **Delete button**                   |
| `enter`                             | Removes the chip.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Slots

### Chip set

| Name                           | Description
| :------------------------------| :----------------
| `default`                      | The default (unnamed) slot is where child `<forge-chip>` elements will be placed.

### Chips

| Name                           | Description
| :------------------------------| :----------------
| `default`                      | The default (unnamed) slot will render its content as the main text body.
| `leading`                      | The leading slot will render its content as the leading icon.
| `trailing`                     | The trailing slot will render its content as the trailing icon.


</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS parts

### Chip set

| Name                     | Description
| :------------------------| :----------------
| `root`                   | The root element.

### Chip

| Name                     | Description
| :------------------------| :----------------
| `button`                 | The `<button>` container element.
| `content`                | The default slot container element for the chip content.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

### Chip set

| Name                                       | Description
| :------------------------------------------| :----------------
| `--forge-chip-set-spacing`                   | Sets the gap spacing between chips


### Chips

| Name                                       | Description
| :------------------------------------------| :----------------
| `--mdc-theme-primary`                      | Sets the primary theme throughout the component
| `--mdc-theme-on-primary`                   | Sets the contrasting color of the primary theme through the component.
| `--forge-theme-border-color`               | Sets the border color.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                        | Sets the delete color.
| `--mdc-theme-text-primary-on-dark`         | Sets the selected font color.
| `--mdc-theme-text-primary-on-background`   | Sets the focus and hover font color.
| `--mdc-theme-text-secondary-on-background` | Sets the delete font color.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Accessibility

- Verify that you can tab to each chip component.
  - Ensure that there is a visual cue that the chip component is active or inactive, and/or currently focused.
- Verify that pressing the space bar or enter key while focusing on a chip will toggle it in the same manner as if it had been clicked by a mouse.
- If a chip has a delete icon, ensure it can be focused and activated independently of the chip itself.
- Be sure to include a role attribute to indicate to screen readers what the chip is being used for.
- Verify that there is sufficient contrast between the foreground text and background to meet WCAG requirements.
- If color conveys important information, provide additional cues for users with color perception deficiencies.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### ChipType

```ts
type ChipType =  'choice' | 'filter' | 'action' | 'input' | 'field';
```

### IChipSelectEventData

This is the type for the `detail` property on the `forge-chip-select` custom event.

```ts
interface IChipSelectEventData<T = any> {
  value: T;
  selected: boolean;
}
```

### IChipDeleteEventData

This is the type for the `detail` property on the `forge-chip-delete` custom event.

```ts
interface IChipDeleteEventData<T = any> {
  value: T;
}
```

### IChipState

```ts
interface IChipState {
  type: ChipType;
  disabled: boolean;
  dense: boolean;
}
```

</PageSection>

Commit message:

fix(chip): change default `height` style from static pixel value for each density to use `auto` instead. A new CSS custom property (`--forge-chip-min-height`) has been added to control the `min-height` (same as `height` style before)

src/stories/src/components/chips/chips.mdx, after:

import { Default as ChipsDemo } from './chips.stories';
import { ChipsDefaultCodeHtml } from './code/chips-default';
import { ChipsChoiceCodeHtml } from './code/chips-choice';
import { ChipsFilterCodeHtml } from './code/chips-filter';
import { ChipsInputCodeHtml } from './code/chips-input';

<PageSection>

# Chips

The chip-set and chip components are used to display either grouped, or individual, interactive chip elements.

Chips can have one of the following types:

* Choice - Allows for selecting only one chip at a time
* Filter - Allows for selecting multiple chips.
* Action - A chip that acts as button for performing an action.
* Input - A chip that is "deleteable" and can be used to transform text into a chip element.
* Field - A chip that is intended to be used within a form field, such as the [chip-field component](?path=/story/components-chip-field--default).

> If you are trying to use chips as non-interactive elements, consider using a [badge component](?path=/story/components-badge--default) instead.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Example

### Actions

<LiveDemo codeHtml={ChipsDefaultCodeHtml()}>
  <ChipsDemo type="action" />
</LiveDemo>

### Choice

<LiveDemo codeHtml={ChipsChoiceCodeHtml()}>
  <ChipsDemo type="choice" />
</LiveDemo>

### Filter

<LiveDemo codeHtml={ChipsFilterCodeHtml()}>
  <ChipsDemo type="filter" />
</LiveDemo>

### Input

<LiveDemo codeHtml={ChipsInputCodeHtml()} >
  <ChipsDemo type="input" />
</LiveDemo>

> **Tip:** By setting the type on the `<forge-chip-set>` element, the `<forge-chip>` elements can omit it, and they will inherit the type from the chip-set.
> Each chip can set its own type if desired.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Chip set

### Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets the dense state.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="vertical" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets the orientation of the chip set to be aligned vertically instead of the default horizontal orientation.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="type" type="ChipType" defaultValue="&quot;action&quot;">

Sets the type of chips that this chip set contains.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets the disabled state of the chip set.
  
</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Chip

### Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets the disabled state of this individual chip.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="type" type="ChipType" defaultValue="&quot;action&quot;">

Sets the type for this chip.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selected" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets the whether the chip is selected or not.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="value" type="string" defaultValue="null">

Sets the value associated with the chip. This value should be unique across all chips in the chip set.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls the dense state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="invalid" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls the invalid state.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                   | Description
| :----------------------| :----------------
| `forge-chip-select`      | Emits when an action, filter, or choice chip is clicked.
| `forge-chip-delete`      | Emits when the delete button on an input chip is clicked.

> **Note:** It's recommended that you take advantage of event propagation and listen for the event(s) on the `<forge-chip-set>` element.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Name                                | Description
| :-----------------------------------| :----------------
| **Type: input**                     |
| `delete / backspace`                | Emits the delete event.
| **Delete button**                   |
| `enter`                             | Removes the chip.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Slots

### Chip set

| Name                           | Description
| :------------------------------| :----------------
| `default`                      | The default (unnamed) slot is where child `<forge-chip>` elements will be placed.

### Chips

| Name                           | Description
| :------------------------------| :----------------
| `default`                      | The default (unnamed) slot will render its content as the main text body.
| `leading`                      | The leading slot will render its content as the leading icon.
| `trailing`                     | The trailing slot will render its content as the trailing icon.


</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS parts

### Chip set

| Name                     | Description
| :------------------------| :----------------
| `root`                   | The root element.

### Chip

| Name                     | Description
| :------------------------| :----------------
| `button`                 | The `<button>` container element.
| `content`                | The default slot container element for the chip content.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

### Chip set

| Name                                       | Description
| :------------------------------------------| :----------------
| `--forge-chip-set-spacing`                   | Sets the gap spacing between chips


### Chip

| Name                                       | Description
| :------------------------------------------| :----------------
| `--forge-chip-height`                      | Sets the `height` of the element. Default is `auto`.
| `--forge-chip-width`                       | Sets the `width` of the element. Default is `auto`.
| `--forge-chip-min-height`                  | Sets the `min-height` of the element. Default varies based on type and density.
| `--mdc-theme-primary`                      | Sets the primary theme throughout the component
| `--mdc-theme-on-primary`                   | Sets the contrasting color of the primary theme through the component.
| `--forge-theme-border-color`               | Sets the border color.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                        | Sets the delete color.
| `--mdc-theme-text-primary-on-dark`         | Sets the selected font color.
| `--mdc-theme-text-primary-on-background`   | Sets the focus and hover font color.
| `--mdc-theme-text-secondary-on-background` | Sets the delete font color.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Accessibility

- Verify that you can tab to each chip component.
  - Ensure that there is a visual cue that the chip component is active or inactive, and/or currently focused.
- Verify that pressing the space bar or enter key while focusing on a chip will toggle it in the same manner as if it had been clicked by a mouse.
- If a chip has a delete icon, ensure it can be focused and activated independently of the chip itself.
- Be sure to include a role attribute to indicate to screen readers what the chip is being used for.
- Verify that there is sufficient contrast between the foreground text and background to meet WCAG requirements.
- If color conveys important information, provide additional cues for users with color perception deficiencies.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### ChipType

```ts
type ChipType =  'choice' | 'filter' | 'action' | 'input' | 'field';
```

### IChipSelectEventData

This is the type for the `detail` property on the `forge-chip-select` custom event.

```ts
interface IChipSelectEventData<T = any> {
  value: T;
  selected: boolean;
}
```

### IChipDeleteEventData

This is the type for the `detail` property on the `forge-chip-delete` custom event.

```ts
interface IChipDeleteEventData<T = any> {
  value: T;
}
```

### IChipState

```ts
interface IChipState {
  type: ChipType;
  disabled: boolean;
  dense: boolean;
}
```

</PageSection>
