CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Forge

We are very open to contributions to the Forge component library! There are many forms of
contribution, from documentation updates and creating issues to bug fixes and features. 
No matter your contribution, we only ask that you follow our contribution guidelines defined below. 
Thank you for helping to move this project forward!

- [Contributing to Forge](#contributing-to-forge)
  - [General Contributing Guidelines](#general-contributing-guidelines)
  - [Development Process](#development-process)
    - [Setting up your development environment](#setting-up-your-development-environment)
    - [Building the library](#building-the-library)
    - [Linting](#linting)
    - [Running unit tests](#running-unit-tests)
    - [Developing inside a container](#developing-inside-a-container)
      - [Manually open project in container](#manually-open-project-in-container)
      - [DevContainers Performance Notes](#devcontainers-performance-notes)
      - [Clone in containers](#clone-in-containers)
      - [Testing in a container](#testing-in-a-container)
  - [Issues and Bugs](#issues-and-bugs)
  - [Feature or Component Requests](#feature-or-component-requests)
  - [Submitting Pull Requests](#submitting-pull-requests)

## General Contributing Guidelines

Forge is an open source project that accepts contributions from community members.

Want to contribute? Great! Please read on for more details.

> If you’ve never contributed to an open source project before, take a look at GitHub’s
[Contributing to Open Source on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en) to learn some of the basics.

## Development Process

We strive to make developing the Forge components library as frictionless as possible, both for
ourselves and for our community. This section should get you up and running working on the Forge
codebase.

Before beginning development, you may want to read through our overview on architecture and best
practices to get a better understanding of our overall structure.

### Setting up your development environment

Ensure you have the latest LTS version of node installed. We use LTS versions of node in our CI 
environments to validate builds and run unit tests. Compatibility with your local development
environment is important.

To get started, clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/tyler-technologies-oss/forge.git
```

Navigate to the project root, and install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

This project contains a dev site built using Vite to make development faster and easier.

```bash
npm start
```

We also use [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) for docs and local development. This helps us build and
maintain component demos (stories) and the corresponding documentation for each component.
To start up the Storybook environment locally, run the following command:

```bash
npm run storybook
```

> New Storybook versions are deployed for every pull request to help reviewers easily validate changes. The main
> Storybook deployment is updated when changes are merged to `main`.  Storybook is linked in the main Forge
> documentation site to help keep documentation up to date.

### Building the library

To run a production build of the library (which generates a distribution npm package directory), please run the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

> This project uses the `forge` CLI to build and manage your project. The equivalent command is `forge build`

A successful build-command output is found in the `dist/release/@tylertech/forge` directory.

> Please validate that your build runs locally before pushing changes to remote to avoid iterating on build errors in the CI environment.

### Linting

To ensure proper code style and formatting, we use ESLint and stylelint in this project for linting javascript/TypeScript 
and CSS/Sass respectively. Linting is executed when running the build command and as a pre-commit hook. The linter can be 
run at any time with the `npm run lint` command.

### Running unit tests

This project uses Karma and Jasmine as the unit testing environment.

- To run tests over the whole project, use command: `npm run test`.
- To run tests over a single component, use command: `forge test component <component name> [--browser chrome] [--port <port number>]`

> It's important that you add/update tests when submitting changes to the library. The tests are validated in the CI environment.

You can view the code coverage report by running the following command:

```bash
npm run serve:coverage
```

This will open your default browser to the code coverage generated by the most recent test run. Code coverage is instrumented by `istanbul`.

### Developing inside a container

This project supports VS Code DevContainers to help streamline and standardize the local development
process. To get started with DevContainers you'll need to ensure you're running the following on your
local machine:

- Docker
- Visual Studio Code
- VSCode Remote Development extension pack
- `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable configured

See these [getting-started](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers#_installation)
instructions for additional details.

Once setup, VS Code should prompt with a notification that a DevContainer config file is recognized
and suggest re-opening within a container.

You can create a new token `GITHUB_TOKEN` at https://github.com/settings/tokens with the `read:packages`.
This needs to be added to your environment through your `.bashrc`, `.zshrc` or windows path environment
settings. 

#### Manually open project in container

1. Open project folder in VS Code
2. Open in container
3. Wait for devcontainer to build (~5 minutes)
4. Serve the dev site to test the library: `npm start`
5. To build the npm package, run the following: `npm run build`

For more information on starting a development environment within a container see
[Developing inside a Container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)

#### DevContainers Performance Notes

When opening this project in a DevContainer on a Windows or Mac operating system, you may experience poor
disk performance due to their use of bind mounts. See the following article for additional information and
tips on how you might
[improve disk performance](https://code.visualstudio.com/remote/advancedcontainers/improve-performance).

In situations where you're unable to make use of the WSL2 filesystem (Windows), or where you're using macOS,
you'll experience the best performance by making use of the **Remote-Containers: Clone Repository in Container Volume**
command within VS Code. See this [article](https://code.visualstudio.com/remote/advancedcontainers/improve-performance#_use-clone-repository-in-container-volume) 
for more information.

#### Clone in containers

1. Open VS Code
2. Clone repository in container
3. Wait for devcontainer to build (~5 minutes)
4. Serve the dev site to test the library: `npm start`
5. To build the npm package, run the following: `npm run build`

> **Note:** if you make any package changes and want them to persist you may need to rebuild the container

#### Testing in a container

- To run tests over the whole project, use command: `npm run test:container`.
- To run tests over a single component, use command: `forge test component <component name> --no-sandbox [--browser chrome] [--port <port number>]`
- To connect via Chrome visit `chrome://inspect/#devices` and select the correct instance

## Issues and Bugs

If you find a bug in the source code or a mistake in the documentation, you can help us by submitting
an issue to the GitHub repository.

Pull requests are even better! Propose a fix with a pull request, and link it to the issue!

## Feature or Component Requests

We are always interested in improving the Forge library. Whether it's a new feature for a component, 
an improvement to the developer experience, or an entirely new component, we look forward to your 
engagement.

> The Forge team uses a governance model to discuss enhancements to the library. This is where we will
> discuss the feature or new component and make sure it aligns with our overall vision.

When creating a new issue on this repository, you will choose from one of the corresponding issue templates
and provide the requested information. From there we will work with you to iron out the details of your
proposal and then determine timeline and resources needed to implement the feature.

## Submitting Pull Requests

The best way to make an impact is by creating code submissions. Pull requests should
be "solutions" to GitHub issues. If there is not an existing GitHub issue, please start by creating one
before submitting a pull request.

When creating a new pull request, please provide as much information as you can by filling out the pull
request template. This will help speed up the process of getting your changes reviewed and merged.

> This project uses [Auto](https://intuit.github.io/auto/) for its CI/CD automation. Please familiarize
> yourself with Auto. Release versions are controlled by labels on Pull Requests.

## Commit message format

This project uses a pre-commit hook (via [husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/)) to ensure a proper commit message format is provided for
all commits. This format follows the conventional commit format described [here](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).

> **Note:** if you're on MacOS/Linux **and** use NVM, you may run into an issue with the pre-commit hook.
> See [here](https://github.com/typicode/husky/issues/77#issuecomment-630065185) for information about how to resolve this issue.

Commit message:

chore: migrate remaining legacy karma-based tests to WTR (#1023)

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Forge

We are very open to contributions to the Forge component library! There are many forms of
contribution, from documentation updates and creating issues to bug fixes and features. 
No matter your contribution, we only ask that you follow our contribution guidelines defined below. 
Thank you for helping to move this project forward!

- [Contributing to Forge](#contributing-to-forge)
  - [General Contributing Guidelines](#general-contributing-guidelines)
  - [Development Process](#development-process)
    - [Setting up your development environment](#setting-up-your-development-environment)
    - [Building the library](#building-the-library)
    - [Linting](#linting)
    - [Running unit tests](#running-unit-tests)
    - [Developing inside a container](#developing-inside-a-container)
      - [Manually open project in container](#manually-open-project-in-container)
      - [DevContainers Performance Notes](#devcontainers-performance-notes)
      - [Clone in containers](#clone-in-containers)
      - [Testing in a container](#testing-in-a-container)
  - [Issues and Bugs](#issues-and-bugs)
  - [Feature or Component Requests](#feature-or-component-requests)
  - [Submitting Pull Requests](#submitting-pull-requests)

## General Contributing Guidelines

Forge is an open source project that accepts contributions from community members.

Want to contribute? Great! Please read on for more details.

> If you’ve never contributed to an open source project before, take a look at GitHub’s
[Contributing to Open Source on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en) to learn some of the basics.

## Development Process

We strive to make developing the Forge components library as frictionless as possible, both for
ourselves and for our community. This section should get you up and running working on the Forge
codebase.

Before beginning development, you may want to read through our overview on architecture and best
practices to get a better understanding of our overall structure.

### Setting up your development environment

Ensure you have the latest LTS version of node installed. We use LTS versions of node in our CI 
environments to validate builds and run unit tests. Compatibility with your local development
environment is important.

To get started, clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/tyler-technologies-oss/forge.git
```

Navigate to the project root, and install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

This project contains a dev site built using Vite to make development faster and easier.

```bash
npm start
```

We also use [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) for docs and local development. This helps us build and
maintain component demos (stories) and the corresponding documentation for each component.
To start up the Storybook environment locally, run the following command:

```bash
npm run storybook
```

> New Storybook versions are deployed for every pull request to help reviewers easily validate changes. The main
> Storybook deployment is updated when changes are merged to `main`.  Storybook is linked in the main Forge
> documentation site to help keep documentation up to date.

### Building the library

To run a production build of the library (which generates a distribution npm package directory), please run the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

> This project uses the `forge` CLI to build and manage your project. The equivalent command is `forge build`

A successful build-command output is found in the `dist/release/@tylertech/forge` directory.

> Please validate that your build runs locally before pushing changes to remote to avoid iterating on build errors in the CI environment.

### Linting

To ensure proper code style and formatting, we use ESLint and stylelint in this project for linting javascript/TypeScript 
and CSS/Sass respectively. Linting is executed when running the build command and as a pre-commit hook. The linter can be 
run at any time with the `npm run lint` command.

### Running unit tests

This project uses Web Test Runner as the unit testing environment.

- To run tests over the whole project, use command: `npm run test`.
- To run tests over a single component, use command: `npx wtr --group <component name>`.

> It's important that you add/update tests when submitting changes to the library. The tests are validated in the CI environment.

You can view the code coverage report by running the following command:

```bash
npm run serve:coverage
```

This will open your default browser to the code coverage generated by the most recent test run. Code coverage is instrumented by `istanbul`.

### Developing inside a container

This project supports VS Code DevContainers to help streamline and standardize the local development
process. To get started with DevContainers you'll need to ensure you're running the following on your
local machine:

- Docker
- Visual Studio Code
- VSCode Remote Development extension pack
- `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable configured

See these [getting-started](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers#_installation)
instructions for additional details.

Once setup, VS Code should prompt with a notification that a DevContainer config file is recognized
and suggest re-opening within a container.

You can create a new token `GITHUB_TOKEN` at https://github.com/settings/tokens with the `read:packages`.
This needs to be added to your environment through your `.bashrc`, `.zshrc` or windows path environment
settings. 

#### Manually open project in container

1. Open project folder in VS Code
2. Open in container
3. Wait for devcontainer to build (~5 minutes)
4. Serve the dev site to test the library: `npm start`
5. To build the npm package, run the following: `npm run build`

For more information on starting a development environment within a container see
[Developing inside a Container](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)

#### DevContainers Performance Notes

When opening this project in a DevContainer on a Windows or Mac operating system, you may experience poor
disk performance due to their use of bind mounts. See the following article for additional information and
tips on how you might
[improve disk performance](https://code.visualstudio.com/remote/advancedcontainers/improve-performance).

In situations where you're unable to make use of the WSL2 filesystem (Windows), or where you're using macOS,
you'll experience the best performance by making use of the **Remote-Containers: Clone Repository in Container Volume**
command within VS Code. See this [article](https://code.visualstudio.com/remote/advancedcontainers/improve-performance#_use-clone-repository-in-container-volume) 
for more information.

#### Clone in containers

1. Open VS Code
2. Clone repository in container
3. Wait for devcontainer to build (~5 minutes)
4. Serve the dev site to test the library: `npm start`
5. To build the npm package, run the following: `npm run build`

> **Note:** if you make any package changes and want them to persist you may need to rebuild the container

#### Testing in a container

- To run tests over the whole project, use command: `npm run test:container`.
- To run tests over a single component, use command: `forge test component <component name> --no-sandbox [--browser chrome] [--port <port number>]`
- To connect via Chrome visit `chrome://inspect/#devices` and select the correct instance

## Issues and Bugs

If you find a bug in the source code or a mistake in the documentation, you can help us by submitting
an issue to the GitHub repository.

Pull requests are even better! Propose a fix with a pull request, and link it to the issue!

## Feature or Component Requests

We are always interested in improving the Forge library. Whether it's a new feature for a component, 
an improvement to the developer experience, or an entirely new component, we look forward to your 
engagement.

> The Forge team uses a governance model to discuss enhancements to the library. This is where we will
> discuss the feature or new component and make sure it aligns with our overall vision.

When creating a new issue on this repository, you will choose from one of the corresponding issue templates
and provide the requested information. From there we will work with you to iron out the details of your
proposal and then determine timeline and resources needed to implement the feature.

## Submitting Pull Requests

The best way to make an impact is by creating code submissions. Pull requests should
be "solutions" to GitHub issues. If there is not an existing GitHub issue, please start by creating one
before submitting a pull request.

When creating a new pull request, please provide as much information as you can by filling out the pull
request template. This will help speed up the process of getting your changes reviewed and merged.

> This project uses [Auto](https://intuit.github.io/auto/) for its CI/CD automation. Please familiarize
> yourself with Auto. Release versions are controlled by labels on Pull Requests.

## Commit message format

This project uses a pre-commit hook (via [husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/)) to ensure a proper commit message format is provided for
all commits. This format follows the conventional commit format described [here](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).

> **Note:** if you're on MacOS/Linux **and** use NVM, you may run into an issue with the pre-commit hook.
> See [here](https://github.com/typicode/husky/issues/77#issuecomment-630065185) for information about how to resolve this issue.
