src/stories/components/menu/Menu.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Title, Canvas } from '@storybook/blocks';
import CustomArgTypes from '../../blocks/CustomArgTypes';
import * as MenuStories from './Menu.stories';

<Meta of={MenuStories} />

<Title />

Menus are used to provide a list of options/actions to a user, and are typically anchored dynamically to a button or other similar trigger element.

The `<forge-menu>` component is a decorator style component which means it wraps around a trigger element and will attach itself to automatically open
and close when the trigger element is interacted with.

Menus can be used in a variety of ways, such as a simple list of options, a list of actions, or a hierarchical/cascading list of options. Menus do not
hold selection state.

<Canvas of={MenuStories.Demo} />

## Cascading

Cascading menus are used to display a hierarchical list of options. When a menu item is hovered, a child menu will open next of the parent menu item.

<Canvas of={MenuStories.Cascading} />

## API

<CustomArgTypes />

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Menu open             | Description                                           |
| --------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| `space / escape`      | Closes the menu.                                      |
| `enter / arrow right` | Opens and closes child menu of the focused menu item. |
| `arrow left`          | **Mode is Cascade**: Closes the menu.                 |

| Menu closed  | Description                                                              |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `space`      | Opens the menu.                                                          |
| `enter`      | Opens the menu and Opens and closes child menu of the focused menu item. |
| `arrow down` | Opens the menu and focuses the first menu item.                          |

## Accessibility

- Verify that the trigger element used to open and close the menu can be focused and activated by keyboard.
  - Ensure that there is a visual cue that the trigger element is currently in focus.
- Verify that pressing the space bar or enter key while focused on the trigger element will activate the menu in the same manner as if it had been clicked with a mouse.
- Ensure each menu item can be selected by using arrow-up and arrow-down.

Commit message:

docs(menu): add note/code snippet about using JS to set options (#677)

src/stories/components/menu/Menu.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Title, Canvas } from '@storybook/blocks';
import CustomArgTypes from '../../blocks/CustomArgTypes';
import * as MenuStories from './Menu.stories';

<Meta of={MenuStories} />

<Title />

Menus are used to provide a list of options/actions to a user, and are typically anchored dynamically to a button or other similar trigger element.

The `<forge-menu>` component is a "decorator" style component which means it wraps around a trigger element and will attach itself to automatically open
and close when the trigger element is interacted with.

Menus can be used in a variety of ways, such as a simple list of options, a list of actions, or a hierarchical/cascading list of options. Menus do not
hold selection state.

<Canvas of={MenuStories.Demo} />

## JavaScript

The `<forge-menu>` currently requires the use of JavaScript to set the options to display in the menu dropdown. The `options` property is an array of objects
where each object represents a menu item, and each object can have various configuration supplied for things like the label, icon, custom templates, and more.

Below is an example of a basic array of menu options:

```javascript
const options: IMenuOption[] = [
  { label: 'Option 1', value: 'option-1' },
  { label: 'Option 2', value: 'option-2' },
  { label: 'Option 3', value: 'option-3' }
];
```

This options array can then be set (or bound via framework) to the `options` property of the `<forge-menu>` component.

> **Note:** If you need to render icons in the menu, you can use the `icon`/`leadingIcon` and/or `trailingIcon` properties on the menu option object.
> There are also corresponding `leadingIconType` and `trailingIconType` properties to specify the element type that will be rendered. Set these
> to `'component'` to render a `<forge-icon>` element.

## Cascading

Cascading menus are used to display a hierarchical list of options. When a menu item is hovered, a child menu will open next of the parent menu item.

<Canvas of={MenuStories.Cascading} />

## API

<CustomArgTypes />

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Menu open             | Description                                           |
| --------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| `space / escape`      | Closes the menu.                                      |
| `enter / arrow right` | Opens and closes child menu of the focused menu item. |
| `arrow left`          | **Mode is Cascade**: Closes the menu.                 |

| Menu closed  | Description                                                              |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `space`      | Opens the menu.                                                          |
| `enter`      | Opens the menu and Opens and closes child menu of the focused menu item. |
| `arrow down` | Opens the menu and focuses the first menu item.                          |

## Accessibility

- Verify that the trigger element used to open and close the menu can be focused and activated by keyboard.
  - Ensure that there is a visual cue that the trigger element is currently in focus.
- Verify that pressing the space bar or enter key while focused on the trigger element will activate the menu in the same manner as if it had been clicked with a mouse.
- Ensure each menu item can be selected by using arrow-up and arrow-down.
