src/stories/components/button/Button.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Title, Canvas } from '@storybook/blocks';
import CustomArgTypes from '../../blocks/CustomArgTypes';
import * as ButtonStories from './Button.stories';

<Meta of={ButtonStories} />

<Title />

Buttons are used to trigger actions or events in an application. Forge provides a set of button styles that can be used to create a consistent user experience.

<Canvas of={ButtonStories.Demo} />

## Variants

Forge buttons come in several variants to match the style of your application, and can be used in a variety of contexts based on emphasis and hierarchy.

- **Text:** A button with no background or border, and only text content.
- **Outlined:** A button with a transparent background and a border.
- **Filled:** A button with a solid background color.
- **Raised:** A button with a raised appearance.
- **Link:** A button with no background or border, and only text content that appears as a link.

<Canvas of={ButtonStories.Variants} />

## Themed

Forge buttons can be themed using the built-in `theme` attribute, which will apply the appropriate color scheme based on the current theme.

<Canvas of={ButtonStories.Themed} />

> Additionally, you can always provide your own theme via the CSS custom properties noted below.

## With Icon

Forge buttons can include an icon to provide additional context or visual interest.

<Canvas of={ButtonStories.WithIcon} />

## API

<CustomArgTypes />

## Accessibility

- Verify that you can reach every button by keyboard navigation.
  - Ensure that there is a visual cue that the button is currently in focus.
- Verify that the button has a visible label that describes the action that will be taken when the button is clicked.
  - Alternatively, use an `aria-label` attribute to provide a descriptive label for the button.
- Verify that pressing the space bar or enter key while focused on a button will activate the button in the same manner as if it had been clicked with a mouse.
- Verify that there is sufficient contrast between the foreground text and background to meet WCAG requirements.

Commit message:

chore: add content and stories

src/stories/components/button/Button.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Title, Canvas } from '@storybook/blocks';
import CustomArgTypes from '../../blocks/CustomArgTypes';
import * as ButtonStories from './Button.stories';

<Meta of={ButtonStories} />

<Title />

Buttons are used to trigger actions or events in an application. Forge provides a set of button styles that can be used to create a consistent user experience.

<Canvas of={ButtonStories.Demo} />

## Variants

Forge buttons come in several variants to match the style of your application, and can be used in a variety of contexts based on emphasis and hierarchy.

- **Text:** A button with no background or border, and only text content.
- **Outlined:** A button with a transparent background and a border.
- **Filled:** A button with a solid background color.
- **Raised:** A button with a raised appearance.
- **Link:** A button with no background or border, and only text content that appears as a link.

<Canvas of={ButtonStories.Variants} />

## Themed

Forge buttons can be themed using the built-in `theme` attribute, which will apply the appropriate color scheme based on the current theme.

<Canvas of={ButtonStories.Themed} />

> Additionally, you can always provide your own theme via the CSS custom properties noted below.

## Anchor

Forge buttons support providing a slotted `<a>` element that allows for you to visually style an anchor tag as a button.

<Canvas of={ButtonStories.Anchor} />

> **Note:** you should not use slots with anchor buttons because the `<a>` element itself becomes the full content of the button.

## With Icon

Forge buttons can include an icon to provide additional context or visual interest.

<Canvas of={ButtonStories.WithIcon} />

## With Circular Progress

Forge buttons can include a circular progress indicator to provide feedback to the user when an action is in progress.

<Canvas of={ButtonStories.WithCircularProgress} />

## API

<CustomArgTypes />

## Accessibility

- Verify that you can reach every button by keyboard navigation.
  - Ensure that there is a visual cue that the button is currently in focus.
- Verify that the button has a visible label that describes the action that will be taken when the button is clicked.
  - Alternatively, use an `aria-label` attribute to provide a descriptive label for the button.
- Verify that pressing the space bar or enter key while focused on a button will activate the button in the same manner as if it had been clicked with a mouse.
- Verify that there is sufficient contrast between the foreground text and background to meet WCAG requirements.
