src/stories/src/components/split-view/split-view.mdx, before:

import {
  Default as SplitViewDemo,
  LeadingPanel as LeadingDemo,
  MultiplePanelsSplit as MultipleSplitDemo,
  MultiplePanelsStacked as MultipleStackedDemo
} from './split-view.stories.tsx';
import { SplitViewDefaultCodeHtml } from './code/split-view-default.ts';
import { SplitViewLeadingCodeHtml } from './code/split-view-leading.ts';
import { SplitViewVerticalCodeHtml } from './code/split-view-vertical.ts';
import { SplitViewMultipleSplitCodeHtml } from './code/split-view-multiple-split.ts';
import { SplitViewMultipleStackedCodeHtml } from './code/split-view-multiple-stacked.ts';

<PageSection>

# Split view

The split view component presents `<forge-split-view-panel>` elements side-by-side as resizable
panels. This is useful in situations where a user may want to adjust how much screen space is
devoted to part of the interface. For example, you could consider displaying a map or image viewer
within a split view.

A split view configuration typically consists of one or more resizable panels as well as at least
one non-resizable panel. Resizable panels are defined by the `resizable` attribute, which can be
set to `'start'` or `'end'` to reflect which direction they expand into. Non-resizable panels are
not interactive on their own, but automatically expand to fill in the space left by their sibling
panels.

The split view panel component consists of two basic parts: its content, and a handle to resize it.
Each handle is linked to its content by accessibility attributes, providing an accessible label and
size information for assistive technology. The handle's position in relation to the content is
determined by the `resizable` value. When it's `'start'` the handle appears before the content, or
after the content when it's `'end'`.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Example

### Default

In its default configuration the split view component makes all but the first panel resizable. This
is equivalent to setting `resizable` to `'start'` on the second panel.

<LiveDemo layout="column" fullWidth padded="false" codeHtml={SplitViewDefaultCodeHtml()}>
  <SplitViewDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> In this example the handle labels and communicates the size of panel 2.

### Leading panel

If the first panel contains the primary resizable content, its `resizable` attribute can be set to
`'end'`. When `resizable` is set to anything but `'none'` on any panel within the split view the
configuration will not be automatically determined.

<LiveDemo layout="column" fullWidth padded="false" codeHtml={SplitViewLeadingCodeHtml()}>
  <LeadingDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> In this example the handle labels and communicates the size of panel 1.

### Vertical

Vertical layouts are configured similarly to horizontally layouts. Just set `orientation` to
`'horizontal'` on the split view component. With no resizable panels specified, the component sets
the bottom panel to be resizable.

<LiveDemo layout="column" fullWidth padded="false" codeHtml={SplitViewVerticalCodeHtml()}>
  <SplitViewDemo orientation={'vertical'} />
</LiveDemo>

> In this example the handle labels and communicates the size of panel 2.

### Multiple panels split

Any number of panels can be added to a single split view component. Leading and trailing panels are
defined by setting `resizable` to `'end'` and `'start'` respectively.

<LiveDemo layout="column" fullWidth padded="false" codeHtml={SplitViewMultipleSplitCodeHtml()}>
  <MultipleSplitDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> In this example the first handle labels and communicates the size of panel 1 and the second
> handle panel 3.

### Multiple panels stacked

When multiple panels are added without `resizable` set, the first panel defaults to `'none'` and
all others default to `'start'`. Resizing one panel into another adjusts the size of the
neighboring panel.

<LiveDemo layout="column" fullWidth padded="false" codeHtml={SplitViewMultipleStackedCodeHtml()}>
  <MultipleStackedDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> In this example the first handle labels and communicates the size of panel 2 and the second
> handle panel 3.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Split View Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="orientation" type="SplitViewOrientation" defaultValue="'horizontal'">

Sets whether panels are laid out horizontally or vertically.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets whether all panels are disabled.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="allowClose" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets whether the user can close all panels.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="autoClose" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets whether each panel closes when its size crosses a defined threshold.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="autoCloseThreshold" type="number" defaultValue="0">

Sets the size at which each panel auto closes if enabled.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Split View Panel Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="resizable" type="SplitViewPanelResizable" defaultValue="'none'">

Controls whether a panel has a resize handle and which side of the content it appears on. This
affects behavior including in which direction the panel resizes, opens, and closes.

> The possible `resizable` values are:  
> **`end`:** the handle appears after the content and the panel closes and opens to the left or top.  
> **`start`:** the handle appears before the content and the panel closes and opens to the right or bottom.  
> **`none`:** no handle appears and the panel cannot be resized or closed, it occupies the space not filled by resizable panels.
>  
> If no panels in split view have `resizable` set the first panel is automatically set to `none`
> and all other panels are set to `start`.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="size" type="number | string" defaultValue="200">

Sets the initial content size in pixels or percent. This can also be set to programmatically resize the panel.

> **Important:** The `size` property does not update to reflect the current size of the panel.

> The `size` property has no effect on panels with `resizable` set to `none`.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="min" type="number | string" defaultValue="0">

The minimum allowed size in pixels or percent.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="max" type="number | string | undefined" defaultValue="undefined">

The maximum allowed size in pixels or percent.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="open" type="boolean" defaultValue="true">

Controls whether the panel is displayed.

> **Important:** there is no UI built into the component to open closed panels. If you allow the
> user to close panels you should also provide a mechanism to reopen them.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="accessibleLabel" type="string" defaultValue="'Split view panel'">

Sets the accessible ARIA label for the resize handle.

> **Important:** for strong accessibility, a unique value should be provided that describes the
> content or purpose of the panel.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets whether resize handle interactions are disabled.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="allowClose" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets whether the user can close the panel.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="autoClose" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets whether the panel closes when its size crosses a defined threshold.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="autoCloseThreshold" type="number" defaultValue="0">

Sets the size at which the panel auto closes if enabled.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Split View Methods

<MethodDef name="refit(): void">

Resizes panels within the split view to avoid overflow.

</MethodDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                                  | Description
| :------------------------------------ | ----------------
| `forge-split-view-panel-will-resize`  | Emits before the split view panel begins to resize, allowing the action to be cancelled. The `event.detail` property is of type `ISplitViewPanelWillResizeEvent`.
| `forge-split-view-panel-resize-start` | Emits when a resize begins.
| `forge-split-view-panel-resize-end`   | Emits when a resize completes.
| `forge-split-view-panel-resize`       | Emits when the split view panel is resized with the panel's size in pixels along the orientation axis.
| `forge-split-view-panel-will-open`    | Emits before the split view panel opens and allows it to be cancelled. The `event.detail` property is of type `ISplitViewPanelOpenEvent`.
| `forge-split-view-panel-will-close`   | Emits before the split view panel closes and allows it to be cancelled. The `event.detail` property is of type `ISplitViewPanelOpenEvent`.
| `forge-split-view-panel-did-open`     | Emits after the split view panel opens. The `event.detail` property is of type `ISplitViewPanelOpenEvent`.
| `forge-split-view-panel-did-close`    | Emits after the split view panel closes. The `event.detail` property is of type `ISplitViewPanelOpenEvent`.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Name                                | Description
| :-----------------------------------| :----------------
| `arrow left`                        | Resizes the panel to the left if `orientation` is horizontal.
| `arrow right`                       | Resizes the panel to the right if `orientation` is horizontal.
| `arrow up`                          | Resizes the panel up if `orientation` is vertical.
| `arrow down`                        | Resizes the panel down if `orientation` is vertical.
| `enter`                             | Closes the panel.
| `home`                              | Resizes the panel to its minimum size.
| `end`                               | Resizes the panel to its maximum size.

> An arrow key combined with `shift` resizes faster, ten pixels at a time. On its own an arrow key
> resizes one pixel at a time.

> The resize handle is focusable and receives all keyboard events.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Slots

### Split view

| Name                              | Description
| :-------------------------------- | :----------------
| `default`                         | The default (unnamed) slot is where child `<forge-split-view-panel>` elements will be placed.

### Split view panel

| Name                              | Description
| :-------------------------------- | :----------------
| `default`                         | The default (unnamed) slot contains any content provided to it.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS parts

### Split view

| Name                                     | Description
| :--------------------------------------- | :----------------------
| `root`                                   | The root container element.

### Split view panel

| Name                                     | Description
| :--------------------------------------- | :----------------------
| `root`                                   | The root container element.
| `handle`                                 | The interactive separator element.
| `icon`                                   | The `<forge-icon>` element that displays in the handle.
| `ripple`                                 | The `<forge-ripple>` element on the handle.
| `content`                                | The container element around the slotted content.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

### Split view panel

| Name                                     | Description
| :--------------------------------------- | :----------------
| `--forge-split-view-handle-width`        | Controls the width of the resize handle.
| `--forge-theme-border-color`             | Controls the background color of the resize handle.
| `--mdc-theme-text-secondary-on-light`    | Controls the color of the resize handle icon.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Accessibility

- Verify that all content slotted into a panel is responsive and can resize fluidly.
  - If a panel's content is inaccessible under or over a certain size, be sure to set the `min` and `max` properties accordingly.
- Be sure to include a unique `accessibleLabel` property value for each panel that describes its content.
- If the user can close a panel, provide an easy way for them to reopen it.
  - Set [`aria-controls`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-controls) and [`aria-expanded`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-expanded) on the element that controls the open state.

### Example

#### HTML

```html
<forge-button>
  <button id="button" type="button" aria-controls="aside-panel" aria-expanded="true">Close aside</button>
</forge-button>
<forge-split-view>
  <forge-split-view-panel>
    <!-- Main content -->
  </forge-split-view-panel>
  <forge-split-view-panel id="aside-panel" accessible-label="Aside">
    <aside>
      <!-- Aside content -->
    </aside>
  </forge-split-view-panel>
</forge-split-view>
```

#### TypeScript

```ts
const button = document.getElementById('button');
const asidePanel = document.getElementById('aside-panel');

button.addEventListener('click', () => {
  asidePanel.open = !asidePanel.open;
});

asidePanel.addEventListener('split-view-panel-did-open', () => {
  button.setAttribute('aria-expanded', 'true');
  button.textContent = 'Close aside';
});

asidePanel.addEventListener('split-view-panel-did-close', () => {
  button.setAttribute('aria-expanded', 'false');
  button.textContent = 'Open aside';
});
```

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Types

### ISplitViewPanelWillResizeEvent

```ts
export interface ISplitViewPanelWillResizeEvent {
  inputDeviceType: 'pointer' | 'keyboard';
}
```

### ISplitViewPanelOpenEvent

```ts
export interface ISplitViewPanelOpenEvent {
  auto: boolean;
  userInitiated: boolean;
}
```

### SplitViewOrientation

```ts
export type SplitViewOrientation = 'horizontal' | 'vertical';
```

### SplitViewPanelResizable

```ts
export type SplitViewPanelResizable = 'start' | 'end' | 'none';
```

</PageSection>

Commit message:

feat(split-view): change default resizable value from none to off

src/stories/src/components/split-view/split-view.mdx, after:

import {
  Default as SplitViewDemo,
  LeadingPanel as LeadingDemo,
  MultiplePanelsSplit as MultipleSplitDemo,
  MultiplePanelsStacked as MultipleStackedDemo
} from './split-view.stories.tsx';
import { SplitViewDefaultCodeHtml } from './code/split-view-default.ts';
import { SplitViewLeadingCodeHtml } from './code/split-view-leading.ts';
import { SplitViewVerticalCodeHtml } from './code/split-view-vertical.ts';
import { SplitViewMultipleSplitCodeHtml } from './code/split-view-multiple-split.ts';
import { SplitViewMultipleStackedCodeHtml } from './code/split-view-multiple-stacked.ts';

<PageSection>

# Split view

The split view component presents `<forge-split-view-panel>` elements side-by-side as resizable
panels. This is useful in situations where a user may want to adjust how much screen space is
devoted to part of the interface. For example, you could consider displaying a map or image viewer
within a split view.

A split view configuration typically consists of one or more resizable panels as well as at least
one non-resizable panel. Resizable panels are defined by the `resizable` attribute, which can be
set to `'start'` or `'end'` to reflect which direction they expand into. Non-resizable panels are
not interactive on their own, but automatically expand to fill in the space left by their sibling
panels.

The split view panel component consists of two basic parts: its content, and a handle to resize it.
Each handle is linked to its content by accessibility attributes, providing an accessible label and
size information for assistive technology. The handle's position in relation to the content is
determined by the `resizable` value. When it's `'start'` the handle appears before the content, or
after the content when it's `'end'`.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Example

### Default

In its default configuration the split view component makes all but the first panel resizable. This
is equivalent to setting `resizable` to `'start'` on the second panel.

<LiveDemo layout="column" fullWidth padded="false" codeHtml={SplitViewDefaultCodeHtml()}>
  <SplitViewDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> In this example the handle labels and communicates the size of panel 2.

### Leading panel

If the first panel contains the primary resizable content, its `resizable` attribute can be set to
`'end'`. When `resizable` is set to anything but `'off'` on any panel within the split view the
configuration will not be automatically determined.

<LiveDemo layout="column" fullWidth padded="false" codeHtml={SplitViewLeadingCodeHtml()}>
  <LeadingDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> In this example the handle labels and communicates the size of panel 1.

### Vertical

Vertical layouts are configured similarly to horizontally layouts. Just set `orientation` to
`'horizontal'` on the split view component. With no resizable panels specified, the component sets
the bottom panel to be resizable.

<LiveDemo layout="column" fullWidth padded="false" codeHtml={SplitViewVerticalCodeHtml()}>
  <SplitViewDemo orientation={'vertical'} />
</LiveDemo>

> In this example the handle labels and communicates the size of panel 2.

### Multiple panels split

Any number of panels can be added to a single split view component. Leading and trailing panels are
defined by setting `resizable` to `'end'` and `'start'` respectively.

<LiveDemo layout="column" fullWidth padded="false" codeHtml={SplitViewMultipleSplitCodeHtml()}>
  <MultipleSplitDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> In this example the first handle labels and communicates the size of panel 1 and the second
> handle panel 3.

### Multiple panels stacked

When multiple panels are added without `resizable` set, the first panel defaults to `'off'` and
all others default to `'start'`. Resizing one panel into another adjusts the size of the
neighboring panel.

<LiveDemo layout="column" fullWidth padded="false" codeHtml={SplitViewMultipleStackedCodeHtml()}>
  <MultipleStackedDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> In this example the first handle labels and communicates the size of panel 2 and the second
> handle panel 3.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Split View Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="orientation" type="SplitViewOrientation" defaultValue="'horizontal'">

Sets whether panels are laid out horizontally or vertically.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets whether all panels are disabled.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="allowClose" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets whether the user can close all panels.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="autoClose" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets whether each panel closes when its size crosses a defined threshold.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="autoCloseThreshold" type="number" defaultValue="0">

Sets the size at which each panel auto closes if enabled.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Split View Panel Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="resizable" type="SplitViewPanelResizable" defaultValue="'off'">

Controls whether a panel has a resize handle and which side of the content it appears on. This
affects behavior including in which direction the panel resizes, opens, and closes.

> The possible `resizable` values are:  
> **`end`:** the handle appears after the content and the panel closes and opens to the left or top.  
> **`start`:** the handle appears before the content and the panel closes and opens to the right or bottom.  
> **`off`:** no handle appears and the panel cannot be resized or closed, it occupies the space not filled by resizable panels.
>  
> If no panels in split view have `resizable` set the first panel is automatically set to `off`
> and all other panels are set to `start`.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="size" type="number | string" defaultValue="200">

Sets the initial content size in pixels or percent. This can also be set to programmatically resize the panel.

> **Important:** The `size` property does not update to reflect the current size of the panel.

> The `size` property has no effect on panels with `resizable` set to `off`.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="min" type="number | string" defaultValue="0">

The minimum allowed size in pixels or percent.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="max" type="number | string | undefined" defaultValue="undefined">

The maximum allowed size in pixels or percent.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="open" type="boolean" defaultValue="true">

Controls whether the panel is displayed.

> **Important:** there is no UI built into the component to open closed panels. If you allow the
> user to close panels you should also provide a mechanism to reopen them.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="accessibleLabel" type="string" defaultValue="'Split view panel'">

Sets the accessible ARIA label for the resize handle.

> **Important:** for strong accessibility, a unique value should be provided that describes the
> content or purpose of the panel.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets whether resize handle interactions are disabled.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="allowClose" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets whether the user can close the panel.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="autoClose" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Sets whether the panel closes when its size crosses a defined threshold.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="autoCloseThreshold" type="number" defaultValue="0">

Sets the size at which the panel auto closes if enabled.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Split View Methods

<MethodDef name="refit(): void">

Resizes panels within the split view to avoid overflow.

</MethodDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                                  | Description
| :------------------------------------ | ----------------
| `forge-split-view-panel-will-resize`  | Emits before the split view panel begins to resize, allowing the action to be cancelled. The `event.detail` property is of type `ISplitViewPanelWillResizeEvent`.
| `forge-split-view-panel-resize-start` | Emits when a resize begins.
| `forge-split-view-panel-resize-end`   | Emits when a resize completes.
| `forge-split-view-panel-resize`       | Emits when the split view panel is resized with the panel's size in pixels along the orientation axis.
| `forge-split-view-panel-will-open`    | Emits before the split view panel opens and allows it to be cancelled. The `event.detail` property is of type `ISplitViewPanelOpenEvent`.
| `forge-split-view-panel-will-close`   | Emits before the split view panel closes and allows it to be cancelled. The `event.detail` property is of type `ISplitViewPanelOpenEvent`.
| `forge-split-view-panel-did-open`     | Emits after the split view panel opens. The `event.detail` property is of type `ISplitViewPanelOpenEvent`.
| `forge-split-view-panel-did-close`    | Emits after the split view panel closes. The `event.detail` property is of type `ISplitViewPanelOpenEvent`.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Name                                | Description
| :-----------------------------------| :----------------
| `arrow left`                        | Resizes the panel to the left if `orientation` is horizontal.
| `arrow right`                       | Resizes the panel to the right if `orientation` is horizontal.
| `arrow up`                          | Resizes the panel up if `orientation` is vertical.
| `arrow down`                        | Resizes the panel down if `orientation` is vertical.
| `enter`                             | Closes the panel.
| `home`                              | Resizes the panel to its minimum size.
| `end`                               | Resizes the panel to its maximum size.

> An arrow key combined with `shift` resizes faster, ten pixels at a time. On its own an arrow key
> resizes one pixel at a time.

> The resize handle is focusable and receives all keyboard events.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Slots

### Split view

| Name                              | Description
| :-------------------------------- | :----------------
| `default`                         | The default (unnamed) slot is where child `<forge-split-view-panel>` elements will be placed.

### Split view panel

| Name                              | Description
| :-------------------------------- | :----------------
| `default`                         | The default (unnamed) slot contains any content provided to it.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS parts

### Split view

| Name                                     | Description
| :--------------------------------------- | :----------------------
| `root`                                   | The root container element.

### Split view panel

| Name                                     | Description
| :--------------------------------------- | :----------------------
| `root`                                   | The root container element.
| `handle`                                 | The interactive separator element.
| `icon`                                   | The `<forge-icon>` element that displays in the handle.
| `ripple`                                 | The `<forge-ripple>` element on the handle.
| `content`                                | The container element around the slotted content.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

### Split view panel

| Name                                     | Description
| :--------------------------------------- | :----------------
| `--forge-split-view-handle-width`        | Controls the width of the resize handle.
| `--forge-theme-border-color`             | Controls the background color of the resize handle.
| `--mdc-theme-text-secondary-on-light`    | Controls the color of the resize handle icon.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Accessibility

- Verify that all content slotted into a panel is responsive and can resize fluidly.
  - If a panel's content is inaccessible under or over a certain size, be sure to set the `min` and `max` properties accordingly.
- Be sure to include a unique `accessibleLabel` property value for each panel that describes its content.
- If the user can close a panel, provide an easy way for them to reopen it.
  - Set [`aria-controls`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-controls) and [`aria-expanded`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-expanded) on the element that controls the open state.

### Example

#### HTML

```html
<forge-button>
  <button id="button" type="button" aria-controls="aside-panel" aria-expanded="true">Close aside</button>
</forge-button>
<forge-split-view>
  <forge-split-view-panel>
    <!-- Main content -->
  </forge-split-view-panel>
  <forge-split-view-panel id="aside-panel" accessible-label="Aside">
    <aside>
      <!-- Aside content -->
    </aside>
  </forge-split-view-panel>
</forge-split-view>
```

#### TypeScript

```ts
const button = document.getElementById('button');
const asidePanel = document.getElementById('aside-panel');

button.addEventListener('click', () => {
  asidePanel.open = !asidePanel.open;
});

asidePanel.addEventListener('split-view-panel-did-open', () => {
  button.setAttribute('aria-expanded', 'true');
  button.textContent = 'Close aside';
});

asidePanel.addEventListener('split-view-panel-did-close', () => {
  button.setAttribute('aria-expanded', 'false');
  button.textContent = 'Open aside';
});
```

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Types

### ISplitViewPanelWillResizeEvent

```ts
export interface ISplitViewPanelWillResizeEvent {
  inputDeviceType: 'pointer' | 'keyboard';
}
```

### ISplitViewPanelOpenEvent

```ts
export interface ISplitViewPanelOpenEvent {
  auto: boolean;
  userInitiated: boolean;
}
```

### SplitViewOrientation

```ts
export type SplitViewOrientation = 'horizontal' | 'vertical';
```

### SplitViewPanelResizable

```ts
export type SplitViewPanelResizable = 'start' | 'end' | 'off';
```

</PageSection>
