src/stories/components/toolbar/Toolbar.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Title, Canvas } from '@storybook/blocks';
import CustomArgTypes from '../../blocks/CustomArgTypes';
import * as ToolbarStories from './Toolbar.stories';

<Meta of={ToolbarStories} />

<Title />

The toolbar component allows you to place titles and actions within a container and align them to the `start`, `center`, or `end` of the toolbar.

This component is useful headers and footers within pages, dialogs, sections... etc. to ensure consistent spacing and positioning.

> **Note**: You can use the `inverted` attribute for footers to move the border to the top.

## Example

<Canvas of={ToolbarStories.Demo} />

## Inverted

<Canvas of={ToolbarStories.Inverted} />

## API

<CustomArgTypes />

> **Tip**: If you need the toolbar to expand vertically when its contents wrap, set: `--forge-toolbar-height: 'auto'` to disable the fixed height.

## Accessibility

- Ensure that all of the controls that are accessible by a mouse are also accessible by keyboard.
- Ensure the controls are reachable by the tab key.
- Ensure each control can be updated or activated by the keyboard.

Commit message:

docs: improve API docs, content, and demos (#634)

src/stories/components/toolbar/Toolbar.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Title, Canvas } from '@storybook/blocks';
import CustomArgTypes from '../../blocks/CustomArgTypes';
import * as ToolbarStories from './Toolbar.stories';

<Meta of={ToolbarStories} />

<Title />

Toolbars are layout components that allow for placing content in named regions of its template.

This component is useful headers and footers within pages, dialogs, sections... etc. to ensure consistent spacing and positioning.

<Canvas of={ToolbarStories.Demo} />

> **Tip**: If you need the toolbar to expand vertically when its contents wrap, set: `--forge-toolbar-height: 'auto'` to disable the fixed height.

## Inverted

You can use the `inverted` attribute for footers to move the border to the top.

<Canvas of={ToolbarStories.Inverted} />

## API

<CustomArgTypes />

## Accessibility

- Ensure that all of the controls that are accessible by a mouse are also accessible by keyboard.
- Ensure the controls are reachable by the tab key.
- Ensure each control can be updated or activated by the keyboard.
