src/stories/components/dialog/Dialog.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Title, Canvas } from '@storybook/blocks';
import CustomArgTypes from '../../blocks/CustomArgTypes';
import CssOnlyInformation from '../../blocks/CssOnlyInformation';
import * as DialogStories from './Dialog.stories';

<Meta of={DialogStories} />

<Title />

Dialogs are used to display content in a layer above the rest of the page. They are typically used for
confirmations, alerts, or to display additional information. Dialogs can be modal or non-modal.

<Canvas of={DialogStories.Demo} />

> The `<forge-dialog>` uses the native `<dialog>` element under the hood, which is now supported in all modern browsers.

## Usage

When creating a dialog it is important to consider the following:

- **Content**: The content of the dialog should be clear and concise. Use semantic elements to structure the content.
- **Actions**: Provide clear actions for the user to take. Use buttons to provide actions such as "Cancel" or "Save".
- **Accessibility**: Ensure that the dialog is accessible to all users. Use the `label` and `description` attributes to provide context to screen readers.

The `<forge-dialog>` will size itself based on the content that it contains. You should always use a single root element within the dialog to ensure proper sizing. It is
common to compose the `<forge-dialog>` together with the `<forge-scaffold>` to provide a consistent layout.

```html
<forge-dialog label="My dialog title" description="My dialog description">
  <forge-scaffold>
    <forge-toolbar slot="header">
      <h2 slot="start">Dialog Title</h2>
    </forge-toolbar>
    <p>Dialog Description</p>
    <forge-toolbar slot="footer">
      <forge-button slot="end">Close</forge-button>
    </forge-toolbar>
  </forge-scaffold>
</forge-dialog>
```

To ensure that your scaffold can flex with the dialog surface on smaller screens, make sure to apply the `height: auto` style to the `<forge-scaffold>` element. This
is because the scaffold uses a `height: 100%` by default which can cause the dialog to overflow on smaller screens.

Additionally, you can set a `width` or `min-width` on the `<forge-scaffold>` element to ensure that the dialog is not too narrow and/or wide in various screens sizes.

```css
forge-scaffold {
  height: auto;
  width: 100%;
  min-width: 500px;
}
```

### Fullscreen

Dialogs can be displayed in fullscreen mode by setting the `fullscreen` property or attribute. This will cause the dialog to fit the viewport height and width, and is
typically used on smaller viewports and mobile devices.

Additionally, the dialog will automatically adjust itself to be fullscreen when the viewport width is less than `600px`. This is to ensure that the dialog is always usable
on smaller screens, and to alleviate the burden for developers to manage this manually since it is a common desired behavior.

If you need to adjust the breakpoint at which the dialog switches to fullscreen mode, you can use the `fullscreenThreshold` property to set a custom breakpoint in pixels. Or
if you'd like to disable the automatic fullscreen functionality entirely, you can set the `fullscreenThreshold` property to `0` and the dialog will never automatically switch
to fullscreen unless you explicitly set the `fullscreen` attribute.

### Focus Trap

The `<forge-dialog>` uses the native [&lt;dialog&gt;](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/dialog) element under the hood, which
automatically traps focus within the dialog when it is open by making the rest of the page [inert](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inert).
This means that users cannot interact with elements outside of the dialog content while it is open.

Previous implementations of Forge did not use the native `<dialog>` element, and adding focus traps required additional JavaScript to implement. This is no longer the case,
and you should be able to safely remove any focus trap logic or libraries now!

> **Note**: the focus is not "cycled" within the dialog content. The user can tab out of it to the browser itself. This is expected and it's an important accessibility feature.

### Modes

Dialogs modes are used to determine how the dialog is displayed on the page. The following modes are available:

- `modal`: Renders the modal in the [top layer](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Top_layer) above all other content with a backdrop, and the rest of the page is [inert](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inert).
- `nonmodal`: Renders the dialog in the normal flow of the page, but still above other content within its [containing block](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Containing_block).
- `inline-modal`: Renders the dialog in the normal flow of the page, but still above other content within its containing block, and with a backdrop. The rest of the page is **not** inert with this mode.

### Presets

The dialog component supports a number of presets to help you style your dialog. The following presets are available:

- `dialog`: The default dialog style centered in the viewport.
- `left-sheet`: A dialog that slides in from the left side of the viewport.
- `right-sheet`: A dialog that slides in from the right side of the viewport.
- `bottom-sheet`: A dialog that slides in from the bottom of the viewport.
- `top-sheet`: A dialog that slides in from the top of the viewport.

You can use the sidesheet presets in place of modal drawers or sidebars to display additional information or actions.

## Inline Usage

While dialogs are typically created dynamically and appended to the document, you can also use them inline in your HTML declaratively without any JavaScript via the `trigger` attribute:

```html
<button id="open-dialog">Open dialog</button>

<forge-dialog trigger="open-dialog" label="My dialog title" description="My dialog description">
  <h2>Dialog Title</h2>
  <p>Dialog Description</p>
</forge-dialog>
```

## Angular Adapter

In Angular it is common to show dialogs dynamically with Angular components rendered inside the dialog via services. The `@tylertech/forge-angular`
adapter library provides the `DialogService` to make this easy.

```typescript
import { Component, Inject } from '@angular/core';
import { DialogService } from '@tylertech/forge-angular';
import { DIALOG_DATA, DialogRef } from '@tylertech/forge-angular';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-my-component',
  template: ` <button (click)="openDialog()">Open Dialog</button> `
})
export class MyComponent {
  constructor(private dialogService: DialogService) {}

  openDialog() {
    // Configuration to pass to the `<forge-dialog>` element
    const options: IDialogOptions = {
      preset: 'right-sheet',
      label: 'My dialog title',
      description: 'My dialog description',
    };

    // Data to inject into your Angular component via the `@Inject(DIALOG_DATA)` provider
    const data = {
      title: 'Dialog Title',
      description: 'Dialog Description'
    };

    // Show the dialog with your Angular component
    const dialogRef = this.dialogService.open(MyDialogComponent, { options, data });

    // Listen to dialog lifecycle events
    dialogRef.beforeClose.pipe(takeUntil(dialogRef.afterClosed)).subscribe(() => {
      console.log('Dialog closing');
    });

    dialogRef.afterClosed.subscribe(() => {
      console.log('Dialog closed');
    });
  }
}

export interface IConfirmDialogData {
  title: string;
  message: string;
}

@Component({
  selector: 'app-my-dialog',
  styles: ['
    .container {
      width: 500px;
    }
  '],
  template: `
    <div class="container">
      <h2>{{ data.title }}</h2>
      <p>{{ data.description }}</p>
      <button (click)="onClose()">Close</button>
    </div>
  `
})
export class MyDialogComponent {
  constructor(
    @Inject(DIALOG_DATA) public data: IConfirmDialogData,
    private _dialogRef: DialogRef
  ) {}

  public onClose(): void {
    this._dialogRef.close();
  }
}
```

## API

<CustomArgTypes />

## Accessibility

- Ensure that keyboard navigation behaves properly and intuitively while the dialog is open.
  - In modal dialogs, keyboard navigation should be constrained only to within the modal dialog.
  - When the dialog is closed, return focus to a logical element on the page.
- Ensure that if there is a way to close the dialog via a mouse click, that there is also a way to close the dialog via keyboard.
- The dialog component will add the `role="dialog"` and `aria-modal="true"` attribute for you.
- Be sure to set the `label` and `description` attributes on the `<forge-dialog>` element.
  - This will allow for a screen reader to properly announce the dialog title and description when it opens.
  - The `aria-labelledby` and `aria-describedby` attributes will be set automatically for you based on the `label` and `description` attributes.

## CSS-Only

The dialog component is also available as a CSS-only component without the need for JavaScript.

<Canvas of={DialogStories.CSSOnly} />

<CssOnlyInformation />

Commit message:

chore: update a11y docs with more context

src/stories/components/dialog/Dialog.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Title, Canvas } from '@storybook/blocks';
import CustomArgTypes from '../../blocks/CustomArgTypes';
import CssOnlyInformation from '../../blocks/CssOnlyInformation';
import * as DialogStories from './Dialog.stories';

<Meta of={DialogStories} />

<Title />

Dialogs are used to display content in a layer above the rest of the page. They are typically used for
confirmations, alerts, or to display additional information. Dialogs can be modal or non-modal.

<Canvas of={DialogStories.Demo} />

> The `<forge-dialog>` uses the native `<dialog>` element under the hood, which is now supported in all modern browsers.

## Usage

When creating a dialog it is important to consider the following:

- **Content**: The content of the dialog should be clear and concise. Use semantic elements to structure the content.
- **Actions**: Provide clear actions for the user to take. Use buttons to provide actions such as "Cancel" or "Save".
- **Accessibility**: Ensure that the dialog is accessible to all users. Use the `label` and `description` attributes to provide context to screen readers.
  - You can not use the standard `aria-labelledby` and `aria-describedby` attributes on the `<forge-dialog>` element as they cannot be set on the internal native `<dialog>` element
    due to browser limitations. Instead, use the `label` and `description` attributes to provide the same functionality and we'll add the necessary ARIA attributes for you.
  - When the browsers support ARIA attributes across shadow boundaries in the future, we will update the component to use the standard attributes and make an announcement.

The `<forge-dialog>` will size itself based on the content that it contains. You should always use a single root element within the dialog to ensure proper sizing. It is
common to compose the `<forge-dialog>` together with the `<forge-scaffold>` to provide a consistent layout.

```html
<forge-dialog label="My dialog title" description="My dialog description">
  <forge-scaffold>
    <forge-toolbar slot="header">
      <h2 slot="start">Dialog Title</h2>
    </forge-toolbar>
    <p>Dialog Description</p>
    <forge-toolbar slot="footer">
      <forge-button slot="end">Close</forge-button>
    </forge-toolbar>
  </forge-scaffold>
</forge-dialog>
```

To ensure that your scaffold can flex with the dialog surface on smaller screens, make sure to apply the `height: auto` style to the `<forge-scaffold>` element. This
is because the scaffold uses a `height: 100%` by default which can cause the dialog to overflow on smaller screens.

Additionally, you can set a `width` or `min-width` on the `<forge-scaffold>` element to ensure that the dialog is not too narrow and/or wide in various screens sizes.

```css
forge-scaffold {
  height: auto;
  width: 100%;
  min-width: 500px;
}
```

### Fullscreen

Dialogs can be displayed in fullscreen mode by setting the `fullscreen` property or attribute. This will cause the dialog to fit the viewport height and width, and is
typically used on smaller viewports and mobile devices.

Additionally, the dialog will automatically adjust itself to be fullscreen when the viewport width is less than `600px`. This is to ensure that the dialog is always usable
on smaller screens, and to alleviate the burden for developers to manage this manually since it is a common desired behavior.

If you need to adjust the breakpoint at which the dialog switches to fullscreen mode, you can use the `fullscreenThreshold` property to set a custom breakpoint in pixels. Or
if you'd like to disable the automatic fullscreen functionality entirely, you can set the `fullscreenThreshold` property to `0` and the dialog will never automatically switch
to fullscreen unless you explicitly set the `fullscreen` attribute.

### Focus Trap

The `<forge-dialog>` uses the native [&lt;dialog&gt;](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/dialog) element under the hood, which
automatically traps focus within the dialog when it is open by making the rest of the page [inert](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inert).
This means that users cannot interact with elements outside of the dialog content while it is open.

Previous implementations of Forge did not use the native `<dialog>` element, and adding focus traps required additional JavaScript to implement. This is no longer the case,
and you should be able to safely remove any focus trap logic or libraries now!

> **Note**: the focus is not "cycled" within the dialog content. The user can tab out of it to the browser itself. This is expected and it's an important accessibility feature.

### Modes

Dialogs modes are used to determine how the dialog is displayed on the page. The following modes are available:

- `modal`: Renders the modal in the [top layer](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Top_layer) above all other content with a backdrop, and the rest of the page is [inert](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inert).
- `nonmodal`: Renders the dialog in the normal flow of the page, but still above other content within its [containing block](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Containing_block).
- `inline-modal`: Renders the dialog in the normal flow of the page, but still above other content within its containing block, and with a backdrop. The rest of the page is **not** inert with this mode.

### Presets

The dialog component supports a number of presets to help you style your dialog. The following presets are available:

- `dialog`: The default dialog style centered in the viewport.
- `left-sheet`: A dialog that slides in from the left side of the viewport.
- `right-sheet`: A dialog that slides in from the right side of the viewport.
- `bottom-sheet`: A dialog that slides in from the bottom of the viewport.
- `top-sheet`: A dialog that slides in from the top of the viewport.

You can use the sidesheet presets in place of modal drawers or sidebars to display additional information or actions.

## Inline Usage

While dialogs are typically created dynamically and appended to the document, you can also use them inline in your HTML declaratively without any JavaScript via the `trigger` attribute:

```html
<button id="open-dialog">Open dialog</button>

<forge-dialog trigger="open-dialog" label="My dialog title" description="My dialog description">
  <h2>Dialog Title</h2>
  <p>Dialog Description</p>
</forge-dialog>
```

## Angular Adapter

In Angular it is common to show dialogs dynamically with Angular components rendered inside the dialog via services. The `@tylertech/forge-angular`
adapter library provides the `DialogService` to make this easy.

```typescript
import { Component, Inject } from '@angular/core';
import { DialogService } from '@tylertech/forge-angular';
import { DIALOG_DATA, DialogRef } from '@tylertech/forge-angular';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-my-component',
  template: ` <button (click)="openDialog()">Open Dialog</button> `
})
export class MyComponent {
  constructor(private dialogService: DialogService) {}

  openDialog() {
    // Configuration to pass to the `<forge-dialog>` element
    const options: IDialogOptions = {
      preset: 'right-sheet',
      label: 'My dialog title',
      description: 'My dialog description',
    };

    // Data to inject into your Angular component via the `@Inject(DIALOG_DATA)` provider
    const data = {
      title: 'Dialog Title',
      description: 'Dialog Description'
    };

    // Show the dialog with your Angular component
    const dialogRef = this.dialogService.open(MyDialogComponent, { options, data });

    // Listen to dialog lifecycle events
    dialogRef.beforeClose.pipe(takeUntil(dialogRef.afterClosed)).subscribe(() => {
      console.log('Dialog closing');
    });

    dialogRef.afterClosed.subscribe(() => {
      console.log('Dialog closed');
    });
  }
}

export interface IConfirmDialogData {
  title: string;
  message: string;
}

@Component({
  selector: 'app-my-dialog',
  styles: ['
    .container {
      width: 500px;
    }
  '],
  template: `
    <div class="container">
      <h2>{{ data.title }}</h2>
      <p>{{ data.description }}</p>
      <button (click)="onClose()">Close</button>
    </div>
  `
})
export class MyDialogComponent {
  constructor(
    @Inject(DIALOG_DATA) public data: IConfirmDialogData,
    private _dialogRef: DialogRef
  ) {}

  public onClose(): void {
    this._dialogRef.close();
  }
}
```

## API

<CustomArgTypes />

## Accessibility

- Ensure that keyboard navigation behaves properly and intuitively while the dialog is open.
  - In modal dialogs, keyboard navigation should be constrained only to within the modal dialog.
  - When the dialog is closed, return focus to a logical element on the page.
- Ensure that if there is a way to close the dialog via a mouse click, that there is also a way to close the dialog via keyboard.
- The dialog component will add the `role="dialog"` and `aria-modal="true"` attribute for you.
- Be sure to set the `label` and `description` attributes on the `<forge-dialog>` element.
  - This will allow for a screen reader to properly announce the dialog title and description when it opens.
  - The `aria-labelledby` and `aria-describedby` attributes will be set automatically for you based on the `label` and `description` attributes.

## CSS-Only

The dialog component is also available as a CSS-only component without the need for JavaScript.

<Canvas of={DialogStories.CSSOnly} />

<CssOnlyInformation />
