src/stories/components/banner/Banner.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Title, Primary, Canvas, ArgTypes } from '@storybook/blocks';
import CustomArgTypes from '../../blocks/CustomArgTypes';
import * as BannerStories from './Banner.stories';

<Meta of={BannerStories} />

<Title />

The banner component is intended to be used as a way to deliver a short but important message to the user. It has a high degree of emphasis and should not be used for general messaging. If you need to show less important messages, or messages scoped to a more specific section of your page, you should consider using the inline message component. instead.

This component supports built-in predefined themes. It can be configured to be either static or dismissible. It can contain a button to trigger whatever action you need.

## Default

<Canvas of={BannerStories.Default} />

## Themed

<Canvas of={BannerStories.Themed} />

## Combined

Here is an example usage combined with a forge-button component:

<Canvas of={BannerStories.Combined} />

> **Note:** The design for the banner specifically requests that the button's background be white. Due to
> limitations in how deep a css selector can drill into a slotted element, you will need to add that
> background color yourself.

## API

<CustomArgTypes />

## Accessibility

- If the banner is used to display an important notification to a user, use the `role="alert"` attribute on the `<forge-banner>` element.
  - This is equivalent to using `aria-live="assertive"`.
  - If the banner is less urgent, you can use `aria-live="polite"` to wait until the user is finished with their current task.

Commit message:

docs(banner): add CSS-only demo/docs

src/stories/components/banner/Banner.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Title, Primary, Canvas, ArgTypes } from '@storybook/blocks';
import CustomArgTypes from '../../blocks/CustomArgTypes';
import * as BannerStories from './Banner.stories';

<Meta of={BannerStories} />

<Title />

The banner component is intended to be used as a way to deliver a short but important message to the user. It has a high degree of emphasis and should not be used for general messaging. If you need to show less important messages, or messages scoped to a more specific section of your page, you should consider using the inline message component. instead.

This component supports built-in predefined themes. It can be configured to be either static or dismissible. It can contain a button to trigger whatever action you need.

## Default

<Canvas of={BannerStories.Default} />

## Themed

<Canvas of={BannerStories.Themed} />

## Combined

Here is an example usage combined with a forge-button component:

<Canvas of={BannerStories.Combined} />

> **Note:** The design for the banner specifically requests that the button's background be white. Due to
> limitations in how deep a css selector can drill into a slotted element, you will need to add that
> background color yourself.

## CSS-Only

The banner component is also available as a CSS-only component without the need for JavaScript.

<Canvas of={BannerStories.CSSOnly} />

To use the CSS-only banner component, include the following CSS file in your project:

```scss
@use '@tylertech/forge/dist/banner/forge-banner.css';
```

> For more information on CSS-only components, see the [CSS-Only Components](?path=/docs/getting-started-css-only-components--docs) guide.

## API

<CustomArgTypes />

## Accessibility

- If the banner is used to display an important notification to a user, use the `role="alert"` attribute on the `<forge-banner>` element.
  - This is equivalent to using `aria-live="assertive"`.
  - If the banner is less urgent, you can use `aria-live="polite"` to wait until the user is finished with their current task.
