src/stories/src/components/switch/switch.mdx, before:

import { DefaultTemplate as SwitchDemo } from './templates/default';
import { SwitchDefaultHtml } from './code/switch-default';
import { SwitchNoLabelHtml } from './code/switch-no-label';

<PageSection>

## Usage

Switches toggle the state of a single setting on or off. 

Use switches to:

  - Toggle a single item on or off, on mobile and tablet
  - Immediately activate or deactivate something

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Examples

### Basic

<LiveDemo dense codeHtml={SwitchDefaultHtml()}>
  <SwitchDemo />
</LiveDemo>

### No label

<LiveDemo dense codeHtml={SwitchNoLabelHtml()}>
  <SwitchDemo hasLabel={false} />
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets the dense state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets the disables state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selected" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets the selected state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="labelPosition" type="SwitchLabelPosition" defaultValue="'end'">

  Gets/sets the logical side of the switch that the label should be positioned on.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="button-aria-label" prop={false} type="string" defaultValue="undefined">

  Sets the `aria-label` on the internal `<button>` element.

  Only apply this attribute if you aren't using a label element, or need to specify an alternate label.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Slots

| Name               | Description
| :------------------| :--------------------
| `default`          | The default (unnamed) slot where label text will be placed.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                              | Description
| :---------------------------------| :-----------------
| `forge-switch-select`               | Emits when the switch has changed. 

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

| Name                                            | Description
| :-----------------------------------------------| :--------------------
| `--mdc-theme-tertiary`                          | Controls the color of thumb track when switch is checked.
| `--mdc-theme-text-hint-on-background`           | Controls the font-color of label when switch is disabled.

</PageSection>

Commit message:

feat: add switch keyboard shortcuts to docs

src/stories/src/components/switch/switch.mdx, after:

import { DefaultTemplate as SwitchDemo } from './templates/default';
import { SwitchDefaultHtml } from './code/switch-default';
import { SwitchNoLabelHtml } from './code/switch-no-label';

<PageSection>

## Usage

Switches toggle the state of a single setting on or off. 

Use switches to:

  - Toggle a single item on or off, on mobile and tablet
  - Immediately activate or deactivate something

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Examples

### Basic

<LiveDemo dense codeHtml={SwitchDefaultHtml()}>
  <SwitchDemo />
</LiveDemo>

### No label

<LiveDemo dense codeHtml={SwitchNoLabelHtml()}>
  <SwitchDemo hasLabel={false} />
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets the dense state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets the disables state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selected" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets the selected state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="labelPosition" type="SwitchLabelPosition" defaultValue="'end'">

  Gets/sets the logical side of the switch that the label should be positioned on.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="button-aria-label" prop={false} type="string" defaultValue="undefined">

  Sets the `aria-label` on the internal `<button>` element.

  Only apply this attribute if you aren't using a label element, or need to specify an alternate label.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                              | Description
| :---------------------------------| :-----------------
| `forge-switch-select`               | Emits when the switch has changed. 

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Name                                | Description
| :-----------------------------------| :----------------
| `space / enter                      | Toggles the switch on / off.


</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Slots

| Name               | Description
| :------------------| :--------------------
| `default`          | The default (unnamed) slot where label text will be placed.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

| Name                                            | Description
| :-----------------------------------------------| :--------------------
| `--mdc-theme-tertiary`                          | Controls the color of thumb track when switch is checked.
| `--mdc-theme-text-hint-on-background`           | Controls the font-color of label when switch is disabled.

</PageSection>
