src/stories/src/components/view-switcher/view-switcher.mdx, before:

import { Default as ViewSwitcherDemo } from './view-switcher.stories';
import { ViewSwitcherDefaultCodeHtml, ViewSwitcherDefaultCodeTs } from './code/view-switcher-default';

<PageSection>

# View switcher

The view switcher component allows you to wrap a `<forge-view>` element around any HTML content to control transitions between adjecent content.
By default the view switcher is set to no transition, with options to either `fade` or `slide` as a transition.

> **Note:** Content hidden by this component is still present in the DOM unless you control it manually.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Example

### Basic
The following code snippet demonstrates a common usage in the HTML:

```html
<forge-view-switcher>
  <forge-view>View one</forge-view>
  <forge-view>View two</forge-view>
  <forge-view>View three</forge-view>
</forge-view-switcher>
```

The view switcher can be controlled through javascript using pagination style methods.

```js
const viewSwitcher = document.querySelector('forge-view-switcher');
viewSwitcher.next();
viewSwitcher.previous();
viewSwitcher.goToStart();
viewSwitcher.goToEnd();
```

### With Tab Bar

The switcher can be paired with [forge-tab](?path=/story/components-tab-bar--default) to control view switching via tab controls.

```html
<div role="tablist">
  <forge-tab-bar>
    <forge-tab>View one</forge-tab>
    <forge-tab>View two</forge-tab>
    <forge-tab>View three</forge-tab>
  </forge-tab-bar>

  <forge-view-switcher>
    <forge-view role="tabpanel">
      <div>View one</div>
    </forge-view>
    <forge-view role="tabpanel">
      <div>View two</div>
    </forge-view>
    <forge-view role="tabpanel">
      <div>View three</div>
    </forge-view>
  </forge-view-switcher>
</div>
```

```js
const tabBar = document.querySelector('forge-tab-bar');
const viewSwitcher = document.querySelector('forge-view-switcher');
tabBar.addEventListener('forge-tab-bar-activate', function(evt) {
  viewSwitcher.index = evt.detail.index;
});
```

> **Note:** This component does not add and remove the non-visible views from the DOM. It will toggle their visibility based on the animation type. If `none` is used, the `display` will be set to `none`, but if you're using `slide` or `fade` then the views are still rendered, but hidden with `visibility: hidden`. This is important to note when using this component in Angular because binding will still occur on the non-visible views.

<LiveDemo layout="column" codeHtml={ViewSwitcherDefaultCodeHtml()} codeTs={ViewSwitcherDefaultCodeTs()}>
  <ViewSwitcherDemo />
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="index" type="number" defaultValue="0">

  Gets/sets the currently displayed view index.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="animationType" type="string" defaultValue="none">

  Gets/sets the animation type to use.

  Valid values: `none`, `slide`, or `fade`

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Methods

<MethodDef name="next(): void">

  Switches to the next view.

</MethodDef>

<MethodDef name="previous(): void">

  Switches to the previous view.

</MethodDef>

<MethodDef name="goToStart(): void">

  Switches to the first view.

</MethodDef>

<MethodDef name="goToEnd(): void">

  Switches to the last view.

</MethodDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Slots

| Name               | Description
| :------------------| :--------------------
| `default`          | The default (unnamed) slot will override any content set by the component.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS parts

### View switcher

| Name               | Description
| :------------------| :-----------------
| `root`             | The root element.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

| Name                                   | Description
| :--------------------------------------| :-----------------
| `--forge-view-switcher-height`             | Controls the height of the internal root element. Default is `auto`.
| `--forge-view-switcher-animation-duration` | Controls the animation duration of a view transition. Default is `500ms`.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Accessibility

* Verify that you can tab into the `<forge-view>` content.
* Verify that you can access controls withing the `<forge-view>` content using only the keyboard.
* You should ensure that you have the correct hierarchy of header tags. ie: `<h1>`, `<h2>`, `<h3>`, etc...

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### IViewSwitcherView

```ts
interface IViewSwitcherView {
  element: HTMLElement;
}
```

### ViewAnimationDirection

```ts
enum ViewAnimationDirection {
  Left = 'left',
  Right = 'right'
}
```

### ViewSwitcherAnimationType

```ts
enum ViewSwitcherAnimationType {
  None = 'none',
  Slide = 'slide',
  Fade = 'fade'
}
```

</PageSection>

Commit message:

feat(view-switcher): added new `--forge-view-switcher-width` CSS custom property (#295) [skip ci]

src/stories/src/components/view-switcher/view-switcher.mdx, after:

import { Default as ViewSwitcherDemo } from './view-switcher.stories';
import { ViewSwitcherDefaultCodeHtml, ViewSwitcherDefaultCodeTs } from './code/view-switcher-default';

<PageSection>

# View switcher

The view switcher component allows you to wrap a `<forge-view>` element around any HTML content to control transitions between adjecent content.
By default the view switcher is set to no transition, with options to either `fade` or `slide` as a transition.

> **Note:** Content hidden by this component is still present in the DOM unless you control it manually.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Example

### Basic
The following code snippet demonstrates a common usage in the HTML:

```html
<forge-view-switcher>
  <forge-view>View one</forge-view>
  <forge-view>View two</forge-view>
  <forge-view>View three</forge-view>
</forge-view-switcher>
```

The view switcher can be controlled through javascript using pagination style methods.

```js
const viewSwitcher = document.querySelector('forge-view-switcher');
viewSwitcher.next();
viewSwitcher.previous();
viewSwitcher.goToStart();
viewSwitcher.goToEnd();
```

### With Tab Bar

The switcher can be paired with [forge-tab](?path=/story/components-tab-bar--default) to control view switching via tab controls.

```html
<div role="tablist">
  <forge-tab-bar>
    <forge-tab>View one</forge-tab>
    <forge-tab>View two</forge-tab>
    <forge-tab>View three</forge-tab>
  </forge-tab-bar>

  <forge-view-switcher>
    <forge-view role="tabpanel">
      <div>View one</div>
    </forge-view>
    <forge-view role="tabpanel">
      <div>View two</div>
    </forge-view>
    <forge-view role="tabpanel">
      <div>View three</div>
    </forge-view>
  </forge-view-switcher>
</div>
```

```js
const tabBar = document.querySelector('forge-tab-bar');
const viewSwitcher = document.querySelector('forge-view-switcher');
tabBar.addEventListener('forge-tab-bar-activate', function(evt) {
  viewSwitcher.index = evt.detail.index;
});
```

> **Note:** This component does not add and remove the non-visible views from the DOM. It will toggle their visibility based on the animation type. If `none` is used, the `display` will be set to `none`, but if you're using `slide` or `fade` then the views are still rendered, but hidden with `visibility: hidden`. This is important to note when using this component in Angular because binding will still occur on the non-visible views.

<LiveDemo layout="column" codeHtml={ViewSwitcherDefaultCodeHtml()} codeTs={ViewSwitcherDefaultCodeTs()}>
  <ViewSwitcherDemo />
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="index" type="number" defaultValue="0">

  Gets/sets the currently displayed view index.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="animationType" type="string" defaultValue="none">

  Gets/sets the animation type to use.

  Valid values: `none`, `slide`, or `fade`

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Methods

<MethodDef name="next(): void">

  Switches to the next view.

</MethodDef>

<MethodDef name="previous(): void">

  Switches to the previous view.

</MethodDef>

<MethodDef name="goToStart(): void">

  Switches to the first view.

</MethodDef>

<MethodDef name="goToEnd(): void">

  Switches to the last view.

</MethodDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Slots

| Name               | Description
| :------------------| :--------------------
| `default`          | The default (unnamed) slot will override any content set by the component.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS parts

### View switcher

| Name               | Description
| :------------------| :-----------------
| `root`             | The root element.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

| Name                                       | Description
| :------------------------------------------| :-----------------
| `--forge-view-switcher-height`             | Controls the height of the internal root element. Default is `auto`.
| `--forge-view-switcher-width`              | Controls the width of the internal root element. Default is `auto`.
| `--forge-view-switcher-animation-duration` | Controls the animation duration of a view transition. Default is `500ms`.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Accessibility

* Verify that you can tab into the `<forge-view>` content.
* Verify that you can access controls withing the `<forge-view>` content using only the keyboard.
* You should ensure that you have the correct hierarchy of header tags. ie: `<h1>`, `<h2>`, `<h3>`, etc...

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### IViewSwitcherView

```ts
interface IViewSwitcherView {
  element: HTMLElement;
}
```

### ViewAnimationDirection

```ts
enum ViewAnimationDirection {
  Left = 'left',
  Right = 'right'
}
```

### ViewSwitcherAnimationType

```ts
enum ViewSwitcherAnimationType {
  None = 'none',
  Slide = 'slide',
  Fade = 'fade'
}
```

</PageSection>
