src/stories/src/components/button-toggle/button-toggle.mdx, before:

import { DefaultTemplate as ButtonGroupDemo } from './templates/default';
import { ButtonToggleDefaultCodeHtml } from './code/button-toggle-default';
import { ButtonToggleLeadingCodeHtml, ButtonToggleTrailingCodeHtml } from './code/button-toggle-icons';

<PageSection>

## Usage

The button toggle component can be used as simple buttons, or as an alternative to radio and checkbox elements to help provide users with a choice of options.
They offer a group of interactive button-style elements that are related to each other.

Each button toggle has an "on" or "off" state, and while they can be used as a standalone `<forge-button-toggle>` component, they are typically used as part 
of a group contained by a `<forge-button-toggle-group>` parent element.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Example

### Basic

<LiveDemo
layout={'column'}
codeHtml={ButtonToggleDefaultCodeHtml()}>
  <ButtonGroupDemo/>
</LiveDemo>

### With leading icons

<LiveDemo 
layout={'column'}
codeHtml={ButtonToggleLeadingCodeHtml()}>
  <ButtonGroupDemo hasLeading={true}/>
</LiveDemo>

### With trailing icons

<LiveDemo 
layout={'column'}
codeHtml={ButtonToggleTrailingCodeHtml()}>
  <ButtonGroupDemo hasTrailing={true}/>
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Button toggle group

### Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="value" type="any" defaultValue="null">

Gets/sets the selected value.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="multiple" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether multiple buttons can be selected at the same time.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="stretch" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the child button-toggle elements will stretch to fill the available space.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="mandatory" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets whether a selection must be made at all times.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="vertical" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the layout is vertical.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets the disabled state of the component as a whole.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Applies the dense style to each child button-toggle component.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="options" type="IButtonToggleOption[]" attr={false} defaultValue="[]">

Allows for button-toggle components to be created and rendered via configuration instead of static HTML.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Button toggle

### Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="value" type="any" defaultValue="undefined">

Gets/sets the value that is associated with this button.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selected" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets the selected state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets the disabled state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets the dense state.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Events

### Button Toggle

| Name                               | Description
| :----------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-button-toggle-select`         | Emits when the selected state is changed by toggling an individual button.

### Button Toggle Group

| Name                               | Description
| :----------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-button-toggle-group-change`   | Emits when the selected state of the gruop is changed.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Slots

### Button toggle group

| Name                         | Description
| :----------------------------| :----------------
| `default`                    | The default (unnamed) slot is used for rendering child `<forge-button-toggle>` elements.

### Button toggle

| Name                         | Description
| :----------------------------| :----------------
| leading                      | Projects content to the left of the label content.
| `default`                    | The default (unnamed) slot is used for rendering child `<forge-button>` elements.
| trailing                     | Projects content to the right of the label content.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

| Name                                               | Description
| :--------------------------------------------------| :----------------
| `--mdc-theme-primary`                              | Controls the primary theme color.
| `--mdc-theme-on-primary`                           | Controls the on-primary theme color.
| `--mdc-theme-text-primary-on-dark`                 | Controls the primary text theme color.
| `--forge-button-toggle-border-right-width`           | Controls the border-right width for horizontal adjacent toggles.
| `--forge-button-toggle-border-bottom-width`          | Controls the border-bottom width for vertical adjacent toggles.
| `--forge-button-toggle-border-top-left-radius`       | Controls the border-top-left-radius.
| `--forge-button-toggle-border-bottom-left-radius`    | Controls the border-bottom-left-radius.
| `--forge-button-toggle-border-top-right-radius`      | Controls the border-top-right-radius.
| `--forge-button-toggle-border-bottom-right-radius`   | Controls the border-bottom-right-radius.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### IButtonToggleSelectEventData

```ts
interface IButtonToggleSelectEventData {
  value: string;
  selected: boolean;
}
```

```ts
type IButtonToggleGroupChangeEventData<T> = T;
```

### IButtonToggleOption

```ts
export interface IButtonToggleOption {
  label?: string;
  icon?: string;
  value: any;
  leadingIcon?: string;
  trailingIcon?: string;
}
```

</PageSection>

Commit message:

feat: add button-toggle keyboard shortcuts

src/stories/src/components/button-toggle/button-toggle.mdx, after:

import { DefaultTemplate as ButtonGroupDemo } from './templates/default';
import { ButtonToggleDefaultCodeHtml } from './code/button-toggle-default';
import { ButtonToggleLeadingCodeHtml, ButtonToggleTrailingCodeHtml } from './code/button-toggle-icons';

<PageSection>

## Usage

The button toggle component can be used as simple buttons, or as an alternative to radio and checkbox elements to help provide users with a choice of options.
They offer a group of interactive button-style elements that are related to each other.

Each button toggle has an "on" or "off" state, and while they can be used as a standalone `<forge-button-toggle>` component, they are typically used as part 
of a group contained by a `<forge-button-toggle-group>` parent element.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Example

### Basic

<LiveDemo
layout={'column'}
codeHtml={ButtonToggleDefaultCodeHtml()}>
  <ButtonGroupDemo/>
</LiveDemo>

### With leading icons

<LiveDemo 
layout={'column'}
codeHtml={ButtonToggleLeadingCodeHtml()}>
  <ButtonGroupDemo hasLeading={true}/>
</LiveDemo>

### With trailing icons

<LiveDemo 
layout={'column'}
codeHtml={ButtonToggleTrailingCodeHtml()}>
  <ButtonGroupDemo hasTrailing={true}/>
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Button toggle group

### Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="value" type="any" defaultValue="null">

Gets/sets the selected value.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="multiple" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether multiple buttons can be selected at the same time.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="stretch" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the child button-toggle elements will stretch to fill the available space.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="mandatory" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets whether a selection must be made at all times.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="vertical" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the layout is vertical.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets the disabled state of the component as a whole.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Applies the dense style to each child button-toggle component.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="options" type="IButtonToggleOption[]" attr={false} defaultValue="[]">

Allows for button-toggle components to be created and rendered via configuration instead of static HTML.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Button toggle

### Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="value" type="any" defaultValue="undefined">

Gets/sets the value that is associated with this button.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selected" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets the selected state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets the disabled state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets the dense state.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Events

### Button Toggle

| Name                               | Description
| :----------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-button-toggle-select`         | Emits when the selected state is changed by toggling an individual button.

### Button Toggle Group

| Name                               | Description
| :----------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-button-toggle-group-change`   | Emits when the selected state of the gruop is changed.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Name                                | Description
| :-----------------------------------| :----------------
| **Toggle button**                   |
| `space / enter`                     | Toggles the selection of the button on / off.


</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Slots

### Button toggle group

| Name                         | Description
| :----------------------------| :----------------
| `default`                    | The default (unnamed) slot is used for rendering child `<forge-button-toggle>` elements.

### Button toggle

| Name                         | Description
| :----------------------------| :----------------
| leading                      | Projects content to the left of the label content.
| `default`                    | The default (unnamed) slot is used for rendering child `<forge-button>` elements.
| trailing                     | Projects content to the right of the label content.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

| Name                                               | Description
| :--------------------------------------------------| :----------------
| `--mdc-theme-primary`                              | Controls the primary theme color.
| `--mdc-theme-on-primary`                           | Controls the on-primary theme color.
| `--mdc-theme-text-primary-on-dark`                 | Controls the primary text theme color.
| `--forge-button-toggle-border-right-width`           | Controls the border-right width for horizontal adjacent toggles.
| `--forge-button-toggle-border-bottom-width`          | Controls the border-bottom width for vertical adjacent toggles.
| `--forge-button-toggle-border-top-left-radius`       | Controls the border-top-left-radius.
| `--forge-button-toggle-border-bottom-left-radius`    | Controls the border-bottom-left-radius.
| `--forge-button-toggle-border-top-right-radius`      | Controls the border-top-right-radius.
| `--forge-button-toggle-border-bottom-right-radius`   | Controls the border-bottom-right-radius.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### IButtonToggleSelectEventData

```ts
interface IButtonToggleSelectEventData {
  value: string;
  selected: boolean;
}
```

```ts
type IButtonToggleGroupChangeEventData<T> = T;
```

### IButtonToggleOption

```ts
export interface IButtonToggleOption {
  label?: string;
  icon?: string;
  value: any;
  leadingIcon?: string;
  trailingIcon?: string;
}
```

</PageSection>
