src/stories/src/components/toolbar/toolbar.mdx, before:

import { Default as ToolbarDemo } from './toolbar.stories';
import { ToolbarDefaultHtml } from './code/toolbar-default';


<PageSection>

# Toolbar

The toolbar component allows you to place titles and actions within a container and align them to the `start`, `center`, or `end` of the toolbar.

This component is useful headers and footers within pages, dialogs, sections... etc. to ensure consistent spacing and positioning.

> **Note**: You can use the `inverted` attribute for footers to move the border to the top.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Examples

<LiveDemo fullWidth layout="column" codeHtml={ToolbarDefaultHtml()}>
  <ToolbarDemo />
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="inverted" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether a border bottom (default) or top (true) is used.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef prop={false} name="no-border" type="string">

Disables the internal `border-top` or `border-bottom` styles. **This can only be applied via an attribute**.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Slots

| Name                              | Description
| :---------------------------------| :----------------
| `start`                             | Places content at the beginning of the toolbar.
| `center`                            | Places content at the center of the toolbar.
| `end`                               | Places content at the end of the toolbar.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS parts

| Name                           | Description
| :------------------------------| :----------------
| `root`                         | The root container element.
| `section-start`                | The container around the `start` slot.
| `section-center`               | The container around the `center` slot.
| `section-end`                  | The container around the `end` slot.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

| Name                                          | Description
| :---------------------------------------------| :----------------
| `--mdc-theme-surface`                         | Controls the background-color of the toolbar.
| `--forge-theme-border-color`                  | Controls the border-color of the toolbar.
| `--forge-toolbar-height`                      | Controls the height.
| `--forge-toolbar-min-height`                  | Controls the minimum height.
| `--forge-toolbar-padding`                     | Controls the left and right padding.
| `--forge-toolbar-border-bottom`               | Controls the style for the bottom border. Can be set to "none" for no border.
| `--forge-toolbar-border-top`                  | Controls the style for the top border. Can be set to "none" for no border. **only applies when inverted.**
| `--forge-toolbar-border-top-left-radius`      | Sets the top left border radius.
| `--forge-toolbar-border-top-right-radius`     | Sets the top right border radius.
| `--forge-toolbar-border-bottom-left-radius`   | Sets the bottom left border radius.
| `--forge-toolbar-border-bottom-right-radius`  | Sets the bottom right border radius.

> **Tip:** If you need the toolbar to expand vertically when its contents wrap, set: `--forge-toolbar-height: 'auto'` to disable the fixed height.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Accessibility

- Ensure that all of the controls that are accessible by a mouse are also accessible by keyboard.
- Ensure the controls are reachable by the tab key.
- Ensure each control can be updated or activated by the keyboard.

</PageSection>

Commit message:

feat(toolbar): various toolbar improvements (#283) [skip ci]
feat(toolbar): added new `no-padding` and `auto-height` attributes, along with a new default slot as an alias for the `start` slot, and adjusted the internal padding styles to use `padding-inline` to more easily handle customizing padding on each side of the toolbar

src/stories/src/components/toolbar/toolbar.mdx, after:

import { Default as ToolbarDemo } from './toolbar.stories';
import { ToolbarDefaultHtml } from './code/toolbar-default';


<PageSection>

# Toolbar

The toolbar component allows you to place titles and actions within a container and align them to the `start`, `center`, or `end` of the toolbar.

This component is useful headers and footers within pages, dialogs, sections... etc. to ensure consistent spacing and positioning.

> **Note**: You can use the `inverted` attribute for footers to move the border to the top.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Examples

<LiveDemo fullWidth layout="column" codeHtml={ToolbarDefaultHtml()}>
  <ToolbarDemo />
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="inverted" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether a border bottom (default) or top (true) is used.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef prop={false} name="no-border" type="string">

Disables the internal `border-top` or `border-bottom` styles.

**Note: This can only be applied via an attribute**.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef prop={false} name="no-padding" type="string">

Sets the internal `padding` style to `0`.

**Note: This can only be applied via an attribute**.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef prop={false} name="auto-height" type="string">

Forces the internal container to use `height: auto` for dynamic content that doesn't fit the static height.

**Note: This can only be applied via an attribute**.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Slots

| Name              | Description
| :-----------------| :----------------
| `default`           | The default (unnamed) slot is an alias to the `start` slot and places content at the beginning of the toolbar.
| `start`           | Places content at the beginning of the toolbar.
| `center`          | Places content at the center of the toolbar.
| `end`             | Places content at the end of the toolbar.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS parts

| Name                           | Description
| :------------------------------| :----------------
| `root`                         | The root container element.
| `section-start`                | The container around the `start` slot.
| `section-center`               | The container around the `center` slot.
| `section-end`                  | The container around the `end` slot.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

| Name                                          | Description
| :---------------------------------------------| :----------------
| `--mdc-theme-surface`                         | Controls the background-color of the toolbar.
| `--forge-theme-border-color`                  | Controls the border-color of the toolbar.
| `--forge-toolbar-height`                      | Controls the height.
| `--forge-toolbar-min-height`                  | Controls the minimum height.
| `--forge-toolbar-padding`                     | Controls the left and right padding using the `padding-inline` style.
| `--forge-toolbar-border-bottom`               | Controls the style for the bottom border. Can be set to "none" for no border.
| `--forge-toolbar-border-top`                  | Controls the style for the top border. Can be set to "none" for no border. **only applies when inverted.**
| `--forge-toolbar-border-top-left-radius`      | Sets the top left border radius.
| `--forge-toolbar-border-top-right-radius`     | Sets the top right border radius.
| `--forge-toolbar-border-bottom-left-radius`   | Sets the bottom left border radius.
| `--forge-toolbar-border-bottom-right-radius`  | Sets the bottom right border radius.

> **Tip:** If you need the toolbar to expand vertically when its contents wrap, set: `--forge-toolbar-height: 'auto'` to disable the fixed height.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Accessibility

- Ensure that all of the controls that are accessible by a mouse are also accessible by keyboard.
- Ensure the controls are reachable by the tab key.
- Ensure each control can be updated or activated by the keyboard.

</PageSection>
