src/stories/src/components/tabs/tabs.mdx, before:

import { Default as TabBarDemo } from './tabs.stories';
import { TabBarDefaultHtml } from './code/tab-bar-default';

<PageSection>

# Tabs

Tabs organize content across different screens and views.

Use tabs to group content into helpful categories. Tabs are typically placed above the content they relate to.
Tabs can be used to navigate between screens, or to group related content within a screen.

This component does **not** handle swapping out tab panels for you, but it will allow for you respond to the tab
index changing to then hide/show the correct panel in your content.

Tabs can easily be paired with [view switcher component](?path=/story/components-view-switcher--default) to switch between views on a page.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Examples

### Primary

<LiveDemo fullWidth layout="column" codeHtml={TabBarDefaultHtml()}>
  <TabBarDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> Take note of the ARIA attributes used here. These are important to provide a good experience for screen reader users.

### Secondary

Secondary tabs are used when there is a need for multiple levels of tabs on the same page. The only difference is that there is simpler style of
indicator, but the same functionality is provided.

<LiveDemo fullWidth layout="column">
  <TabBarDemo secondary />
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Tab Bar Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="activeTab" type="number | null | undefined" defaultValue="undefined">

  Controls the active tab index.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="vertical" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tabs are rendered vertically or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="clustered" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tabs are rendered in a cluster (collapsed to minimum width) or not (stretched to fill available space).

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="stacked" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tab content is stacked vertically or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="secondary" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tabs are rendered as secondary tabs or not.

Use secondary tabs when there is a need for multiple levels of tabs on the same page.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="inverted" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tab indicators are rendered on the opposite side of the tabs.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="autoActivate" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether tabs are auto-activated when using arrow keys.

Keys which auto activate: `ArrowLeft`, `ArrowRight`, `Home`, `End`, as well as `ArrowUp` and `ArrowDown` when in vertical mode.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="scrollButtons" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether scroll buttons are rendered or not when the tab container is scrollable.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets whether the tab is disabled or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selected" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets whether the tab is selected or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="vertical" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tab is rendered vertically or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="stacked" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tab content is stacked vertically or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="secondary" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tab is rendered as a secondary tab or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="inverted" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tab indicator is rendered on the opposite side of the tab.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Bar Events

| Name                            | Description
| :-------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-tab-bar-change`          | Emits when the user activates a new tab.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Events

| Name                            | Description
| :-------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-tab-select`              | Emits when the user selects a tab.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Name                                | Description
| :-----------------------------------| :----------------
| `End`                               | Focus end tab.
| `Space/Enter`                       | Activate the focused tab.
| **Horizontal**                      |
| `ArrowLeft`                         | Focus previous tab.
| `ArrowRight`                        | Focus next tab.
| **Vertical**                        |
| `ArrowUp`                           | Focus previous tab.
| `ArrowDown`                         | Focus next tab.

> **Note:** If `autoActivate` is enabled, using the arrow keys will also activate the tab when focused.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Bar Slots

| Name                          | Description
| :-----------------------------| :----------------------
| `default`                     | The default (unnamed) slot where the tab will be rendered.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Slots

| Name                          | Description
| :-----------------------------| :----------------------
| `default`                     | The default (unnamed) slot where the tab text or icon will be rendered.
| `leading`                     | The leading slot for content to render before the default slot. This is typically an icon element.
| `trailing`                    | The trailing slot for content to render after the default slot. This is typically an icon element.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Bar CSS parts

| Name                      | Description
| :-------------------------| :--------------------
| `container`               | The root container element.
| `scroll-container`        | The scroll container element.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab CSS parts

| Name                            | Description
| :-------------------------------| :--------------------
| `container`                     | The tab container element.
| `content`                       | The tab content element.
| `label`                         | The tab label element.
| `indicator`                     | The tab active indicator element.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Bar CSS custom properties

| Name                                            | Description
| :-----------------------------------------------| :--------------------
| `--forge-tab-bar-justify`                       | Controls the color of tab bar underline.
| `--forge-tab-bar-stretch`                       | Controls the height.
| `--forge-tab-bar-underline-color`               | Controls the color of tab bar underline.
| `--forge-tab-bar-underline-thickness`           | Controls the thickness of tab bar underline.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab CSS custom properties

| Name                                            | Description
| :-----------------------------------------------| :--------------------
| `--forge-tab-indicator-color`                   | The color of the tab indicator.
| `--forge-tab-indicator-height`                  | The height of the tab indicator.
| `--forge-tab-indicator-shape`                   | The shape of the tab indicator.
| `--forge-tab-container-color`                   | The color of the tab container.
| `--forge-tab-height`                            | The height of the tab.
| `--forge-tab-shape`                             | The shape of the tab.
| `--forge-tab-disabled-opacity`                  | The opacity of the tab when disabled.
| `--forge-tab-active-focus-icon-color`           | The color of the tab icon when active and focused.
| `--forge-tab-active-hover-icon-color`           | The color of the tab icon when active and hovered.
| `--forge-tab-active-icon-color`                 | The color of the tab icon when active.
| `--forge-tab-active-pressed-icon-color`         | The color of the tab icon when active and pressed.
| `--forge-tab-icon-size`                         | The size of the tab icon.
| `--forge-tab-focus-icon-color`                  | The color of the tab icon when focused.
| `--forge-tab-hover-icon-color`                  | The color of the tab icon when hovered.
| `--forge-tab-icon-color`                        | The color of the tab icon.
| `--forge-tab-pressed-icon-color`                | The color of the tab icon when pressed.
| `--forge-tab-active-focus-label-text-color`     | The color of the tab label text when active and focused.
| `--forge-tab-active-hover-label-text-color`     | The color of the tab label text when active and hovered.
| `--forge-tab-active-label-text-color`           | The color of the tab label text when active.
| `--forge-tab-active-pressed-label-text-color`   | The color of the tab label text when active and pressed.
| `--forge-tab-focus-label-text-color`            | The color of the tab label text when focused.
| `--forge-tab-hover-label-text-color`            | The color of the tab label text when hovered.
| `--forge-tab-label-text-color`                  | The color of the tab label text.
| `--forge-tab-pressed-label-text-color`          | The color of the tab label text when pressed.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Accessibility

- Ensure that all of the controls that are accessible by a mouse are also accessible by keyboard.
- Ensure the controls are reachable by the tab key.
- Ensure each control can be updated or activated by the keyboard.
- Ensure that only the selected tab content is reachable by keyboard.
- Ensure a tab is always active at any given time.

It's expected that you will need to provide the `tabpanel` role to your elements to indicate to assistive technologies
which element is responsible for tab content. Each tab should contain an `aria-controls` property identifying
its corresponding tab content. In addition, each tab content element should be labelled by a tab:

```html
<forge-tab-bar>
  <forge-tab aria-controls="panel-1" id="tab-1">Tab 1</forge-tab>
  <forge-tab aria-controls="panel-2" id="tab-2">Tab 2</forge-tab>
</forge-tab-bar>
<div role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="tab-1" id="panel-1">Content 1</div>
<div role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="tab-2" id="panel-2">Content 2</div>
```

> **Note:** the `<forge-tab>` elements receive the `role="tab"` automatically.

</PageSection>

Commit message:

feat: created new state-layer component and updated theming (#352)
* feat: created new state-layer component, updated tabs and slider to use it, and started WIP changes to theming and consuming design tokens

* chore: rename ripple

src/stories/src/components/tabs/tabs.mdx, after:

import { Default as TabBarDemo } from './tabs.stories';
import { TabBarDefaultHtml } from './code/tab-bar-default';

<PageSection>

# Tabs

Tabs organize content across different screens and views.

Use tabs to group content into helpful categories. Tabs are typically placed above the content they relate to.
Tabs can be used to navigate between screens, or to group related content within a screen.

This component does **not** handle swapping out tab panels for you, but it will allow for you respond to the tab
index changing to then hide/show the correct panel in your content.

Tabs can easily be paired with [view switcher component](?path=/story/components-view-switcher--default) to switch between views on a page.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Examples

### Primary

<LiveDemo fullWidth layout="column" codeHtml={TabBarDefaultHtml()}>
  <TabBarDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> Take note of the ARIA attributes used here. These are important to provide a good experience for screen reader users.

### Secondary

Secondary tabs are used when there is a need for multiple levels of tabs on the same page. The only difference is that there is simpler style of
indicator, but the same functionality is provided.

<LiveDemo fullWidth layout="column">
  <TabBarDemo secondary />
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Tab Bar Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="activeTab" type="number | null | undefined" defaultValue="undefined">

  Controls the active tab index.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="vertical" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tabs are rendered vertically or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="clustered" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tabs are rendered in a cluster (collapsed to minimum width) or not (stretched to fill available space).

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="stacked" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tab content is stacked vertically or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="secondary" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tabs are rendered as secondary tabs or not.

Use secondary tabs when there is a need for multiple levels of tabs on the same page.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="inverted" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tab indicators are rendered on the opposite side of the tabs.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="autoActivate" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether tabs are auto-activated when using arrow keys.

Keys which auto activate: `ArrowLeft`, `ArrowRight`, `Home`, `End`, as well as `ArrowUp` and `ArrowDown` when in vertical mode.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="scrollButtons" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether scroll buttons are rendered or not when the tab container is scrollable.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets whether the tab is disabled or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selected" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Gets/sets whether the tab is selected or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="vertical" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tab is rendered vertically or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="stacked" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tab content is stacked vertically or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="secondary" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tab is rendered as a secondary tab or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="inverted" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether the tab indicator is rendered on the opposite side of the tab.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Bar Events

| Name                            | Description
| :-------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-tab-bar-change`          | Emits when the user activates a new tab.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Events

| Name                            | Description
| :-------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-tab-select`              | Emits when the user selects a tab.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Name                                | Description
| :-----------------------------------| :----------------
| `End`                               | Focus end tab.
| `Space/Enter`                       | Activate the focused tab.
| **Horizontal**                      |
| `ArrowLeft`                         | Focus previous tab.
| `ArrowRight`                        | Focus next tab.
| **Vertical**                        |
| `ArrowUp`                           | Focus previous tab.
| `ArrowDown`                         | Focus next tab.

> **Note:** If `autoActivate` is enabled, using the arrow keys will also activate the tab when focused.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Bar Slots

| Name                          | Description
| :-----------------------------| :----------------------
| `default`                     | The default (unnamed) slot where the tab will be rendered.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Slots

| Name                          | Description
| :-----------------------------| :----------------------
| `default`                     | The default (unnamed) slot where the tab text or icon will be rendered.
| `leading`                     | The leading slot for content to render before the default slot. This is typically an icon element.
| `trailing`                    | The trailing slot for content to render after the default slot. This is typically an icon element.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Bar CSS parts

| Name                      | Description
| :-------------------------| :--------------------
| `container`               | The root container element.
| `scroll-container`        | The scroll container element.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab CSS parts

| Name                            | Description
| :-------------------------------| :--------------------
| `container`                     | The tab container element.
| `content`                       | The tab content element.
| `label`                         | The tab label element.
| `indicator`                     | The tab active indicator element.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab Bar CSS custom properties

| Name                                            | Description
| :-----------------------------------------------| :--------------------
| `--forge-tab-bar-justify`                       | Controls the alignment of the tabs when clustered.
| `--forge-tab-bar-stretch`                       | Controls the height.
| `--forge-tab-bar-divider-color`                 | Controls the color of tab bar divider.
| `--forge-tab-bar-divider-thickness`             | Controls the thickness of tab bar divider.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Tab CSS custom properties

| Name                                            | Description
| :-----------------------------------------------| :--------------------
| `--forge-tab-indicator-color`                   | The color of the tab indicator.
| `--forge-tab-indicator-height`                  | The height of the tab indicator.
| `--forge-tab-indicator-shape`                   | The shape of the tab indicator.
| `--forge-tab-container-color`                   | The color of the tab container.
| `--forge-tab-height`                            | The height of the tab.
| `--forge-tab-shape`                             | The shape of the tab.
| `--forge-tab-disabled-opacity`                  | The opacity of the tab when disabled.
| `--forge-tab-active-focus-icon-color`           | The color of the tab icon when active and focused.
| `--forge-tab-active-hover-icon-color`           | The color of the tab icon when active and hovered.
| `--forge-tab-active-icon-color`                 | The color of the tab icon when active.
| `--forge-tab-active-pressed-icon-color`         | The color of the tab icon when active and pressed.
| `--forge-tab-icon-size`                         | The size of the tab icon.
| `--forge-tab-focus-icon-color`                  | The color of the tab icon when focused.
| `--forge-tab-hover-icon-color`                  | The color of the tab icon when hovered.
| `--forge-tab-icon-color`                        | The color of the tab icon.
| `--forge-tab-pressed-icon-color`                | The color of the tab icon when pressed.
| `--forge-tab-active-focus-label-text-color`     | The color of the tab label text when active and focused.
| `--forge-tab-active-hover-label-text-color`     | The color of the tab label text when active and hovered.
| `--forge-tab-active-label-text-color`           | The color of the tab label text when active.
| `--forge-tab-active-pressed-label-text-color`   | The color of the tab label text when active and pressed.
| `--forge-tab-focus-label-text-color`            | The color of the tab label text when focused.
| `--forge-tab-hover-label-text-color`            | The color of the tab label text when hovered.
| `--forge-tab-label-text-color`                  | The color of the tab label text.
| `--forge-tab-pressed-label-text-color`          | The color of the tab label text when pressed.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Accessibility

- Ensure that all of the controls that are accessible by a mouse are also accessible by keyboard.
- Ensure the controls are reachable by the tab key.
- Ensure each control can be updated or activated by the keyboard.
- Ensure that only the selected tab content is reachable by keyboard.
- Ensure a tab is always active at any given time.

It's expected that you will need to provide the `tabpanel` role to your elements to indicate to assistive technologies
which element is responsible for tab content. Each tab should contain an `aria-controls` property identifying
its corresponding tab content. In addition, each tab content element should be labelled by a tab:

```html
<forge-tab-bar>
  <forge-tab aria-controls="panel-1" id="tab-1">Tab 1</forge-tab>
  <forge-tab aria-controls="panel-2" id="tab-2">Tab 2</forge-tab>
</forge-tab-bar>
<div role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="tab-1" id="panel-1">Content 1</div>
<div role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="tab-2" id="panel-2">Content 2</div>
```

> **Note:** the `<forge-tab>` elements receive the `role="tab"` automatically.

</PageSection>
