src/stories/src/components/autocomplete/autocomplete.mdx, before:

import { DefaultTemplate as AutocompleteDemo } from './templates/default';
import { AutocompleteDefaultCodeHtml, AutocompleteDefaultCodeTs } from './code/autocomplete-default';

<PageSection>

## Usage

The autocomplete is considered an add-on component that allows you to wrap a `<forge-autocomplete>` element around any HTML that contains an `<input>`
element. This allows the autocomplete to bind to that input and show suggestions in a popup as the user types.

It is expected that the consuming application provide a filter callback that the component can call when it needs to update the list of available
options or suggestions. There are many variations of using an autocomplete, and while it's most commonly used together with a web service to
provide suggestions asynchronously, it's up to the consuming application to choose how to fetch and return the options based on the current text
the user has typed into the `<input>` element.

> For text fields, we recommend using a debounce of 500ms. [Read more](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42361485/how-long-should-you-debounce-text-input)

> This component requires the use of JavaScript to be able to provide a callback function to the `filter` property.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Example

The following code snippet demonstrates a common usage in the HTML:

<LiveDemo 
layout="column" 
codeHtml={AutocompleteDefaultCodeHtml()} 
codeTs={AutocompleteDefaultCodeTs()}>
  <AutocompleteDemo/>
</LiveDemo>

The only requirement in the HTML is to provide a child `<input>` element. While a Forge [text-field component](?path=/story/components-text-field--default) will typically be used, you
can attach autocomplete functionality to any `<input>` element. This allows for flexibility in the styling of the input, while allowing the autocomplete to provide
suggestions in the form of a floating popup anchored to that input.

> The `forge-dropdown-icon` class being applied to the trailing icon is **optional**. It controls the rotation of the icon when the input is focused. This class is available through the Forge theme CSS.

The only requirement is that you provide a filter callback function via JavaScript (note: this may be different based on your framework of choice):

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="allowUnmatched" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Sets whether the text entered within the input will be unchanged when a matching option is not found.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="debounce" type="number" defaultValue="500">

  Controls the keypress debounce delay threshold when calling the provided filter function.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="filter" type="AutocompleteFilterCallback" attr={false} defaultValue="undefined">

  Sets the filter function. **Required.**

  The filter function is used by the component whenever it needs to retrieved options/suggestions to display. You can return the options
  as an array of `IOption` objects, or you can also return a `Promise` that will be resolved with an array of objects at some later time.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="filterOnFocus" type="boolean" defaultValue="true">

  Controls whether the filter callback and dropdown will be shown automatically when the component receives focus.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="mode" type="AutocompleteMode" defaultValue="&quot;default&quot;">

  Gets/sets the interaction mode. Valid values: `"default"` (default), `"stateless"`.

  When using stateless mode, the component will **not** track selected values. It will simply provide suggestions, and let you know when
  the user has chosen one of the suggestions. It is up to you to decide what to do with that selection. This is typically used in cases
  where choosing a value from the suggestion list will result in a custom action.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="multiple" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether multiple selections are allowed.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="observeScroll" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether scroll events are emitted from the dropdown.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="observeScrollThreshold" type="number" defaultValue="0">

A pixel amount that controls when scroll events are emitted when scrolling within the popup.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="optionLimit" type="number" defaultValue="0">

Gets/sets the maximum number of options to display in the popup.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="popupTarget" type="string" defaultValue="input">

Gets/sets the selector that will be used to find an element to attach the popup to. Defaults to the input element.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="popupClasses" type="string | string[]" defaultValue="[]">

Gets/sets the list of classes to apply to the popup element. Can be a string of space-separated classes.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="value" type="string | string[] | IOption | IOption[] | null" defaultValue="null">

Gets/sets the selected value(s).
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="beforeValueChange" attr={false} type="(value: any) => boolean | Promise<boolean>" defaultValue="undefined">

Sets the callback that will be executed when a user selects an option. This will allow you to cancel or validate the selection prior to the UI being updated.
  
</PropertyDef>
 
</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Methods

<MethodDef name="appendOptions(options: IOption[] | IAutocompleteOptionGroup[]): void;">

  Dynamically adds options to the end of the option list while the popup is open.

  This is typically used when a scroll observer is attached to know when the user scrolls to the bottom of the popup.

</MethodDef>

<MethodDef name="openDropdown(): void;">

Opens the dropdown.

</MethodDef>

<MethodDef name="closeDropdown(): void;">

Closes the dropdown.

</MethodDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                               | Description
| :----------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-autocomplete-change`          | Emits when the user selects an option from the suggestions. **Only emits in "default" mode.**
| `forge-autocomplete-select`          | Emits when the user selects an option from the suggestions. **Only emits in "stateless" mode.**
| `forge-autocomplete-scrolled-bottom` | Emits when the user scrolls to the bottom of the dropdown. Only if observeScroll is true.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Slots

> A default (unnamed) slot exists, and it is intended that an `<input>` or `<textarea>` element will be placed in this slot.

| Name               | Values
| :------------------| :-----------------
| `default`          | The default (unnamed) slot is the text input. Projects the input into the correct location.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

Below you will find the API for all custom public type declarations that you will need when using this component.

### AutocompleteOptionBuilder

```ts
type AutocompleteOptionBuilder<T = any> = (option: IOption<T>, filterText: string, parentElement: IListItemComponent) => HTMLElement;
```

### AutocompleteOptionGroupBuilder

```ts
type AutocompleteOptionGroupBuilder<T = any> = (option: IAutocompleteOptionGroup<T>) => HTMLElement;
```

### AutocompleteFilterCallback

```ts
type AutocompleteFilterCallback<T = any> = (filterText: string, value: T | null) => Array<IOption<T>> | IAutocompleteOptionGroup[] | Promise<Array<IOption<T>> | IAutocompleteOptionGroup[]>;
```

### AutocompleteOptionComparator

```ts
type AutocompleteOptionComparator<T = any> = (optionA: IOption<T>, optionB: IOption<T>) => number;
```

### AutocompleteSelectedTextBuilder

```ts
type AutocompleteSelectedTextBuilder<T = any> = (selectedOptions: Array<IOption<T>>) => string;
```

### AutocompleteMode

```ts
enum AutocompleteMode {
  Default = 'default',
  Stateless = 'stateless'
}
```

### IOption

```ts
interface IOption<T = any>  {
  value: T;
  label: string;
  disabled?: boolean;
}
```

### IAutocompleteOptionGroup

```ts
interface IAutocompleteOptionGroup<T = any> {
  text?: string;
  builder?: AutocompleteOptionGroupBuilder;
  options: Array<IOption<T>>;
}
```

### IAutocompletePopupConfiguration

```ts
interface IAutocompletePopupConfiguration {
  filterText: string;
  popupTarget: string;
  dropdownConfig: IListDropdownConfig;
  popupClasses: string[];
  popupOffset: IPopupPosition;
  syncPopupWidth: boolean;
  listener: (value: string) => void;
  scrollEndListener: () => void;
}
```

</PageSection>

Commit message:

feat: add keyboard shortcuts to docs

src/stories/src/components/autocomplete/autocomplete.mdx, after:

import { DefaultTemplate as AutocompleteDemo } from './templates/default';
import { AutocompleteDefaultCodeHtml, AutocompleteDefaultCodeTs } from './code/autocomplete-default';

<PageSection>

## Usage

The autocomplete is considered an add-on component that allows you to wrap a `<forge-autocomplete>` element around any HTML that contains an `<input>`
element. This allows the autocomplete to bind to that input and show suggestions in a popup as the user types.

It is expected that the consuming application provide a filter callback that the component can call when it needs to update the list of available
options or suggestions. There are many variations of using an autocomplete, and while it's most commonly used together with a web service to
provide suggestions asynchronously, it's up to the consuming application to choose how to fetch and return the options based on the current text
the user has typed into the `<input>` element.

> For text fields, we recommend using a debounce of 500ms. [Read more](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42361485/how-long-should-you-debounce-text-input)

> This component requires the use of JavaScript to be able to provide a callback function to the `filter` property.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Example

The following code snippet demonstrates a common usage in the HTML:

<LiveDemo 
layout="column" 
codeHtml={AutocompleteDefaultCodeHtml()} 
codeTs={AutocompleteDefaultCodeTs()}>
  <AutocompleteDemo/>
</LiveDemo>

The only requirement in the HTML is to provide a child `<input>` element. While a Forge [text-field component](?path=/story/components-text-field--default) will typically be used, you
can attach autocomplete functionality to any `<input>` element. This allows for flexibility in the styling of the input, while allowing the autocomplete to provide
suggestions in the form of a floating popup anchored to that input.

> The `forge-dropdown-icon` class being applied to the trailing icon is **optional**. It controls the rotation of the icon when the input is focused. This class is available through the Forge theme CSS.

The only requirement is that you provide a filter callback function via JavaScript (note: this may be different based on your framework of choice):

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="allowUnmatched" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Sets whether the text entered within the input will be unchanged when a matching option is not found.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="debounce" type="number" defaultValue="500">

  Controls the keypress debounce delay threshold when calling the provided filter function.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="filter" type="AutocompleteFilterCallback" attr={false} defaultValue="undefined">

  Sets the filter function. **Required.**

  The filter function is used by the component whenever it needs to retrieved options/suggestions to display. You can return the options
  as an array of `IOption` objects, or you can also return a `Promise` that will be resolved with an array of objects at some later time.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="filterOnFocus" type="boolean" defaultValue="true">

  Controls whether the filter callback and dropdown will be shown automatically when the component receives focus.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="mode" type="AutocompleteMode" defaultValue="&quot;default&quot;">

  Gets/sets the interaction mode. Valid values: `"default"` (default), `"stateless"`.

  When using stateless mode, the component will **not** track selected values. It will simply provide suggestions, and let you know when
  the user has chosen one of the suggestions. It is up to you to decide what to do with that selection. This is typically used in cases
  where choosing a value from the suggestion list will result in a custom action.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="multiple" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether multiple selections are allowed.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="observeScroll" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls whether scroll events are emitted from the dropdown.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="observeScrollThreshold" type="number" defaultValue="0">

A pixel amount that controls when scroll events are emitted when scrolling within the popup.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="optionLimit" type="number" defaultValue="0">

Gets/sets the maximum number of options to display in the popup.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="popupTarget" type="string" defaultValue="input">

Gets/sets the selector that will be used to find an element to attach the popup to. Defaults to the input element.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="popupClasses" type="string | string[]" defaultValue="[]">

Gets/sets the list of classes to apply to the popup element. Can be a string of space-separated classes.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="value" type="string | string[] | IOption | IOption[] | null" defaultValue="null">

Gets/sets the selected value(s).
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="beforeValueChange" attr={false} type="(value: any) => boolean | Promise<boolean>" defaultValue="undefined">

Sets the callback that will be executed when a user selects an option. This will allow you to cancel or validate the selection prior to the UI being updated.
  
</PropertyDef>
 
</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Methods

<MethodDef name="appendOptions(options: IOption[] | IAutocompleteOptionGroup[]): void;">

  Dynamically adds options to the end of the option list while the popup is open.

  This is typically used when a scroll observer is attached to know when the user scrolls to the bottom of the popup.

</MethodDef>

<MethodDef name="openDropdown(): void;">

Opens the dropdown.

</MethodDef>

<MethodDef name="closeDropdown(): void;">

Closes the dropdown.

</MethodDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                               | Description
| :----------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-autocomplete-change`          | Emits when the user selects an option from the suggestions. **Only emits in "default" mode.**
| `forge-autocomplete-select`          | Emits when the user selects an option from the suggestions. **Only emits in "stateless" mode.**
| `forge-autocomplete-scrolled-bottom` | Emits when the user scrolls to the bottom of the dropdown. Only if observeScroll is true.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Name                          | Description
| :-----------------------------| :----------------
| **Dropdown closed**           |
| `down / arrow down`           | Opens the dropdown and activates the first option
| **Dropdown opened**           |
| `tab`                         | **Single select:** Select the active option
| `esc / escape`                | Close the dropdown when the dropdown is open
| `down / arrow down`           | [List keyboard shortcuts](?path=/docs/components-list--default#Keyboard shortcuts)
| `up / arrow up`               | [List keyboard shortcuts](?path=/docs/components-list--default#Keyboard shortcuts)
| `enter / home / end`          | [List keyboard shortcuts](?path=/docs/components-list--default#Keyboard shortcuts)
| **Dropdown opened or closed** |
| `backspace`                   | **Two or more `input.value.length`:** Removes the end character in the `input.value`
| `backspace`                   | **One `input.value.length` and Single select and not a chipfield:** Clears the `input.value`
| `delete`                      | **Two or more `input.value.length`:** Removes the start character in the `input.value`
| `delete`                      | **One `input.value.length` and Single select and not a chipfield:** Clears the input.value

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Slots

> A default (unnamed) slot exists, and it is intended that an `<input>` or `<textarea>` element will be placed in this slot.

| Name               | Values
| :------------------| :-----------------
| `default`          | The default (unnamed) slot is the text input. Projects the input into the correct location.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

Below you will find the API for all custom public type declarations that you will need when using this component.

### AutocompleteOptionBuilder

```ts
type AutocompleteOptionBuilder<T = any> = (option: IOption<T>, filterText: string, parentElement: IListItemComponent) => HTMLElement;
```

### AutocompleteOptionGroupBuilder

```ts
type AutocompleteOptionGroupBuilder<T = any> = (option: IAutocompleteOptionGroup<T>) => HTMLElement;
```

### AutocompleteFilterCallback

```ts
type AutocompleteFilterCallback<T = any> = (filterText: string, value: T | null) => Array<IOption<T>> | IAutocompleteOptionGroup[] | Promise<Array<IOption<T>> | IAutocompleteOptionGroup[]>;
```

### AutocompleteOptionComparator

```ts
type AutocompleteOptionComparator<T = any> = (optionA: IOption<T>, optionB: IOption<T>) => number;
```

### AutocompleteSelectedTextBuilder

```ts
type AutocompleteSelectedTextBuilder<T = any> = (selectedOptions: Array<IOption<T>>) => string;
```

### AutocompleteMode

```ts
enum AutocompleteMode {
  Default = 'default',
  Stateless = 'stateless'
}
```

### IOption

```ts
interface IOption<T = any>  {
  value: T;
  label: string;
  disabled?: boolean;
}
```

### IAutocompleteOptionGroup

```ts
interface IAutocompleteOptionGroup<T = any> {
  text?: string;
  builder?: AutocompleteOptionGroupBuilder;
  options: Array<IOption<T>>;
}
```

### IAutocompletePopupConfiguration

```ts
interface IAutocompletePopupConfiguration {
  filterText: string;
  popupTarget: string;
  dropdownConfig: IListDropdownConfig;
  popupClasses: string[];
  popupOffset: IPopupPosition;
  syncPopupWidth: boolean;
  listener: (value: string) => void;
  scrollEndListener: () => void;
}
```

</PageSection>
