src/stories/src/components/text-field/text-field.mdx, before:

import { Default as TextFieldDemo } from './text-field.stories';
import { TextFieldDefaultHtml, } from './code/text-field-default';

<PageSection>

# Text field

The text field component supports many different variants, patterns, and configuration options. The `<forge-text-field>` element is a
block-level element by default and will take up 100% of the available width within its parent container.

> Masking functionality is not built-in to the component, it's expected that you'll use standard third-party mask libraries with it.
> If your team is using Angular, we recommend <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/ngx-mask">ngx-mask</a>; otherwise we recommend
> the <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/imask">imask package</a>; both available from npm.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Examples

### Default

The `default` variant is intended to be used in desktop applications.

<LiveDemo codeHtml={TextFieldDefaultHtml()}>
  <TextFieldDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> Use a debounce when actions can occur after a user stops typing. In cases where an HTTP request is fired, or some other long running
> task occurs, avoid executing those expensive tasks until the user has completed what they are searching for. Forge recommends a debounce
> of 500ms.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

> **Note:** When using `type="number"` on the `<input>` element, `maxlength` is ignored.  Use the `min`, `max`, and `step` properties to constrain the input.

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets the dense state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="floatLabelType" type="TextFieldFloatingLabelType" defaultValue="auto">

  The type of floating label to use.

  Valid values: `auto` (default), `always`.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="shape" type="TextFieldShapeType" defaultValue="default">

  The outline shape type to use.

  Valid values: `default`, `rounded`.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="invalid" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the invalid state. When set to `true`, the label and border will change to the error theme color.

> If you are using this for form validation, be sure to also update the property on the embedded `<input>` element.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="required" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the presence of an asterisk after the label to signify that the field is required.

> If you are using this for form validation, be sure to also update the property on the embedded `<input>` element.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Methods

<MethodDef name="floatLabel(): void">

  Controls the floating state of the label. Call this to manually float the label.

</MethodDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Slots

> A default (unnamed) slot exists, and it is intended that an `<input>` or `<textarea>` element will be placed in this slot.

| Name               | Values
| :------------------| :-----------------
| `label`            | Projects the label element into the correct location. If not specified on the `<label>` element then a slot attribute will be added automatically when connected to the DOM.
| `leading`          | Places content such as icons before the input.
| `default`          | The default (unnamed) slot is the text input. Projects the input into the correct location.
| `trailing`         | Places content such as icons after the input.
| `helper-text`      | Places content below the component with the proper typography.
| `addon-end`        | Places an action such as icon-button after the input.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS parts

| Name                              | Description
| :---------------------------------| :----------------
| `root`                            | The root element.
| `container`                       | The container layout element.
| `leading-container`               | The container around the `leading` slot.
| `label-input-container`           | The container element around the label and input slots.
| `addon-end-container`             | The container element around the addon-end slot.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

| Name                                                      | Description
| :---------------------------------------------------------| :----------------
| **Field**                                                 |
| `--forge-theme-form-field-disabled-on-background`         | Controls the disabled background-color of the field element.
| `--forge-text-field-height`                               | Controls the height of the field element. Default value is `3.5rem`.
| `--forge-text-field-margin-top`                           | Controls the margin-top of the field element. Default value is `0`.
| **Outline**                                               |
| `--forge-text-field-theme-background`                     | Controls the background-color of the outline element.
| `--forge-theme-form-field-disabled-on-background`         | Controls the disabled background-color of the outline element.
| `--mdc-theme-text-icon-on-background`                     | Controls the border-color of the outline element.
| `--mdc-theme-text-primary-on-background`                  | Controls the hover border-color for the outline element.
| `--mdc-theme-primary`                                     | Controls the focused and focused-hover border-color for the outline element.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                       | Controls the invalid border-color for the outline element.
| `--forge-theme-error-hover`                               | Controls the invalid-hover border-color for the outline element.
| `--mdc-theme-text-disabled-on-background`                 | Controls the disabled border-color of the outline element.
| **Label**                                                 |
| `--forge-theme-form-field-label-on-background`            | Controls the color of the label element.
| `--mdc-theme-primary`                                     | Controls the focused color of the label element.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                       | Controls the invalid color of the label element.
| `--forge-theme-label-disabled-on-background`              | Controls the disabled color of the label element.
| **Required Asterisk**                                     |
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                       | Controls the error color for the required asterisk element.
| **Floating Label**                                        |
| `--forge-theme-form-field-label-on-background`            | Controls the color of the floating label element.
| `--mdc-theme-primary`                                     | Controls the focused color of the floating label element.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                       | Controls the invalid color of the floating label element.
| `--forge-theme-form-field-text-disabled-on-background`    | Controls the disabled color of the floating label element.
| **Input**                                                 |
| `--mdc-theme-text-primary-on-background`                  | Controls the color of the input element.
| `--forge-theme-form-field-text-disabled-on-background`    | Controls the disabled color of the input element.
| **Helper Text**                                           |
| `--mdc-theme-text-secondary-on-background`                | Controls the color of the helper text element.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                       | Controls the invalid color of the helper text element.
| **Icons**                                                 |
| `--mdc-theme-text-secondary-on-background`                | Controls the color for the icon elements.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                       | Controls the invalid color of the icon elements.
| `--mdc-theme-text-disabled-on-light`                      | Controls the disabled color of the icon elements.
| **Placeholder**                                           |
| `--mdc-theme-text-secondary-on-background`                | Controls the color of the placeholder element.


</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Accessibility

- Ensure that all of the controls that are accessible by a mouse are also accessible by keyboard.
- Ensure the controls are reachable by the tab key.
- Ensure each control can be updated or activated by the keyboard.
- The label element will receive the proper ARIA attributes such as `aria-owns`.

> Verify that the relevant [aria attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/forms/Basic_form_hints) are set properly when an element is required or invalid.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### TextFieldDensityType

```ts
type TextFieldDensityType = 'roomy' | 'default' | 'dense';
```

### TextFieldFloatLabelType

```ts
type TextFieldFloatLabelType = 'always' | 'auto';
```

### TextFieldShapeType

```ts
type TextFieldShapeType = 'default' | 'rounded';
```

</PageSection>

Commit message:

feat: added CSS custom property for controlling the internal `border-style` on select, text-field, and chip-field (#286) [skip ci]

src/stories/src/components/text-field/text-field.mdx, after:

import { Default as TextFieldDemo } from './text-field.stories';
import { TextFieldDefaultHtml, } from './code/text-field-default';

<PageSection>

# Text field

The text field component supports many different variants, patterns, and configuration options. The `<forge-text-field>` element is a
block-level element by default and will take up 100% of the available width within its parent container.

> Masking functionality is not built-in to the component, it's expected that you'll use standard third-party mask libraries with it.
> If your team is using Angular, we recommend <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/ngx-mask">ngx-mask</a>; otherwise we recommend
> the <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/imask">imask package</a>; both available from npm.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Examples

### Default

The `default` variant is intended to be used in desktop applications.

<LiveDemo codeHtml={TextFieldDefaultHtml()}>
  <TextFieldDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> Use a debounce when actions can occur after a user stops typing. In cases where an HTTP request is fired, or some other long running
> task occurs, avoid executing those expensive tasks until the user has completed what they are searching for. Forge recommends a debounce
> of 500ms.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

> **Note:** When using `type="number"` on the `<input>` element, `maxlength` is ignored.  Use the `min`, `max`, and `step` properties to constrain the input.

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets the dense state.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="floatLabelType" type="TextFieldFloatingLabelType" defaultValue="auto">

  The type of floating label to use.

  Valid values: `auto` (default), `always`.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="shape" type="TextFieldShapeType" defaultValue="default">

  The outline shape type to use.

  Valid values: `default`, `rounded`.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="invalid" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the invalid state. When set to `true`, the label and border will change to the error theme color.

> If you are using this for form validation, be sure to also update the property on the embedded `<input>` element.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="required" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the presence of an asterisk after the label to signify that the field is required.

> If you are using this for form validation, be sure to also update the property on the embedded `<input>` element.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Methods

<MethodDef name="floatLabel(): void">

  Controls the floating state of the label. Call this to manually float the label.

</MethodDef>

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Slots

> A default (unnamed) slot exists, and it is intended that an `<input>` or `<textarea>` element will be placed in this slot.

| Name               | Values
| :------------------| :-----------------
| `label`            | Projects the label element into the correct location. If not specified on the `<label>` element then a slot attribute will be added automatically when connected to the DOM.
| `leading`          | Places content such as icons before the input.
| `default`          | The default (unnamed) slot is the text input. Projects the input into the correct location.
| `trailing`         | Places content such as icons after the input.
| `helper-text`      | Places content below the component with the proper typography.
| `addon-end`        | Places an action such as icon-button after the input.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS parts

| Name                              | Description
| :---------------------------------| :----------------
| `root`                            | The root element.
| `container`                       | The container layout element.
| `leading-container`               | The container around the `leading` slot.
| `label-input-container`           | The container element around the label and input slots.
| `addon-end-container`             | The container element around the addon-end slot.

</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

| Name                                                      | Description
| :---------------------------------------------------------| :----------------
| **Field**                                                 |
| `--forge-theme-form-field-disabled-on-background`         | Controls the disabled background-color of the field element.
| `--forge-text-field-height`                               | Controls the height of the field element. Default value is `3.5rem`.
| `--forge-text-field-margin-top`                           | Controls the margin-top of the field element. Default value is `0`.
| **Outline**                                               |
| `--forge-text-field-theme-background`                     | Controls the background-color of the outline element.
| `--forge-text-field-border-style`                         | Controls the `border-style` (defaults to `solid`). Set to `none` to remove the border.
| `--forge-theme-form-field-disabled-on-background`         | Controls the disabled background-color of the outline element.
| `--mdc-theme-text-icon-on-background`                     | Controls the border-color of the outline element.
| `--mdc-theme-text-primary-on-background`                  | Controls the hover border-color for the outline element.
| `--mdc-theme-primary`                                     | Controls the focused and focused-hover border-color for the outline element.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                       | Controls the invalid border-color for the outline element.
| `--forge-theme-error-hover`                               | Controls the invalid-hover border-color for the outline element.
| `--mdc-theme-text-disabled-on-background`                 | Controls the disabled border-color of the outline element.
| **Label**                                                 |
| `--forge-theme-form-field-label-on-background`            | Controls the color of the label element.
| `--mdc-theme-primary`                                     | Controls the focused color of the label element.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                       | Controls the invalid color of the label element.
| `--forge-theme-label-disabled-on-background`              | Controls the disabled color of the label element.
| **Required Asterisk**                                     |
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                       | Controls the error color for the required asterisk element.
| **Floating Label**                                        |
| `--forge-theme-form-field-label-on-background`            | Controls the color of the floating label element.
| `--mdc-theme-primary`                                     | Controls the focused color of the floating label element.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                       | Controls the invalid color of the floating label element.
| `--forge-theme-form-field-text-disabled-on-background`    | Controls the disabled color of the floating label element.
| **Input**                                                 |
| `--mdc-theme-text-primary-on-background`                  | Controls the color of the input element.
| `--forge-theme-form-field-text-disabled-on-background`    | Controls the disabled color of the input element.
| **Helper Text**                                           |
| `--mdc-theme-text-secondary-on-background`                | Controls the color of the helper text element.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                       | Controls the invalid color of the helper text element.
| **Icons**                                                 |
| `--mdc-theme-text-secondary-on-background`                | Controls the color for the icon elements.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                       | Controls the invalid color of the icon elements.
| `--mdc-theme-text-disabled-on-light`                      | Controls the disabled color of the icon elements.
| **Placeholder**                                           |
| `--mdc-theme-text-secondary-on-background`                | Controls the color of the placeholder element.


</PageSection>

<PageSection>

## Accessibility

- Ensure that all of the controls that are accessible by a mouse are also accessible by keyboard.
- Ensure the controls are reachable by the tab key.
- Ensure each control can be updated or activated by the keyboard.
- The label element will receive the proper ARIA attributes such as `aria-owns`.

> Verify that the relevant [aria attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/forms/Basic_form_hints) are set properly when an element is required or invalid.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### TextFieldDensityType

```ts
type TextFieldDensityType = 'roomy' | 'default' | 'dense';
```

### TextFieldFloatLabelType

```ts
type TextFieldFloatLabelType = 'always' | 'auto';
```

### TextFieldShapeType

```ts
type TextFieldShapeType = 'default' | 'rounded';
```

</PageSection>
