src/stories/src/components/slider/slider.mdx, before:

import { DefaultTemplate as SliderDemo } from './templates/default';
import { SliderDefaultHtml } from './code/slider-default';
import { SliderTicksHtml } from './code/slider-ticks';

<PageSection>

## Usage

The slider component allows for the selection of a value from a range. You can use the component to choose a discrete or continuous
value based on the range and configuration you provide.

It's common to use a slider when you want to the user to choose a value from a pre-defined range of options, such as choosing a rating from 1-10 for instance.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Examples

### Basic

In its most basic form, the slider can be used without any configuration:

<LiveDemo fullWidth layout="column" codeHtml={SliderDefaultHtml()}>
  <SliderDemo />
</LiveDemo>

### Range

You can also specify the component to use two handles for setting a range value:

<LiveDemo fullWidth layout="column" codeHtml={SliderDefaultHtml()}>
  <SliderDemo type="continuous-range" value={70} valueStart={30} />
</LiveDemo>

### With tick marks

The following example will force the user to choose a discrete value from the range, with visual markers on the component:

<LiveDemo fullWidth layout="column" codeHtml={SliderTicksHtml()}>
  <SliderDemo type="discrete-markers" value={50} step={10} />
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="type" type="SliderType" defaultValue="continuous">

  Gets/sets the type of slider.

  Valid values: `continuous`, `discrete`, `discrete-markers`, `continuous-range`, `discrete-range`, `discrete-range-markers`.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="value" type="number" defaultValue="0">

  Gets/sets the value of the slider.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="valueStart" type="number" defaultValue="0">

  Gets/sets the value of the slider.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="min" type="number" defaultValue="0">

  Gets/sets the minimum value for the slider.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="max" type="number" defaultValue="100">

  Gets/sets the maximum value for the slider.

</PropertyDef>


<PropertyDef name="step" type="number" defaultValue="0">

  Gets/sets the step value for the slider when in discrete mode.

  > Only pertains to discrete and discrete-markers sliders.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets the disabled state of the slider.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                            | Description
| :-------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-slider-change`             | Emits only when the user has stopped changing the slider value.
| `forge-slider-input`              | Emits frequently while the user is changing the slider value.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### ISliderInputEventData

``` ts
interface ISliderInputEventData {
  value?: number;
  valueStart?: number;
  valueEnd?: number;
}
```

### ISliderChangeEventData

``` ts
interface ISliderChangeEventData extends ISliderInputEventData {}
```

### SliderType

```typescript
type SliderType = 'continuous' | 'discrete' | 'discrete-markers' | 'continuous-range' | 'discrete-range' | 'discrete-range-markers';
```

</PageSection>

Commit message:

feat: add slider keyboard shortcuts to docs

src/stories/src/components/slider/slider.mdx, after:

import { DefaultTemplate as SliderDemo } from './templates/default';
import { SliderDefaultHtml } from './code/slider-default';
import { SliderTicksHtml } from './code/slider-ticks';

<PageSection>

## Usage

The slider component allows for the selection of a value from a range. You can use the component to choose a discrete or continuous
value based on the range and configuration you provide.

It's common to use a slider when you want to the user to choose a value from a pre-defined range of options, such as choosing a rating from 1-10 for instance.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Examples

### Basic

In its most basic form, the slider can be used without any configuration:

<LiveDemo fullWidth layout="column" codeHtml={SliderDefaultHtml()}>
  <SliderDemo />
</LiveDemo>

### Range

You can also specify the component to use two handles for setting a range value:

<LiveDemo fullWidth layout="column" codeHtml={SliderDefaultHtml()}>
  <SliderDemo type="continuous-range" value={70} valueStart={30} />
</LiveDemo>

### With tick marks

The following example will force the user to choose a discrete value from the range, with visual markers on the component:

<LiveDemo fullWidth layout="column" codeHtml={SliderTicksHtml()}>
  <SliderDemo type="discrete-markers" value={50} step={10} />
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="type" type="SliderType" defaultValue="continuous">

  Gets/sets the type of slider.

  Valid values: `continuous`, `discrete`, `discrete-markers`, `continuous-range`, `discrete-range`, `discrete-range-markers`.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="value" type="number" defaultValue="0">

  Gets/sets the value of the slider.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="valueStart" type="number" defaultValue="0">

  Gets/sets the value of the slider.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="min" type="number" defaultValue="0">

  Gets/sets the minimum value for the slider.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="max" type="number" defaultValue="100">

  Gets/sets the maximum value for the slider.

</PropertyDef>


<PropertyDef name="step" type="number" defaultValue="0">

  Gets/sets the step value for the slider when in discrete mode.

  > Only pertains to discrete and discrete-markers sliders.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets the disabled state of the slider.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                            | Description
| :-------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-slider-change`             | Emits only when the user has stopped changing the slider value.
| `forge-slider-input`              | Emits frequently while the user is changing the slider value.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Name                                | Description
| :-----------------------------------| :----------------
| `up / right`                        | Increments the value of the slider.
| `down / left`                       | Decrements the value of the slider.


</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### ISliderInputEventData

``` ts
interface ISliderInputEventData {
  value?: number;
  valueStart?: number;
  valueEnd?: number;
}
```

### ISliderChangeEventData

``` ts
interface ISliderChangeEventData extends ISliderInputEventData {}
```

### SliderType

```typescript
type SliderType = 'continuous' | 'discrete' | 'discrete-markers' | 'continuous-range' | 'discrete-range' | 'discrete-range-markers';
```

</PageSection>
