src/stories/components/icon-button/IconButton.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Title, Canvas } from '@storybook/blocks';
import CustomArgTypes from '../../blocks/CustomArgTypes';
import CssOnlyInformation from '../../blocks/CssOnlyInformation';
import * as IconButtonStories from './IconButton.stories';

<Meta of={IconButtonStories} />

<Title />

Icon buttons communicate actions that users can take.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.Demo} />

## Variants

Icon buttons can be styled in different ways to indicate their purpose and emphasis level.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.Variants} />

## Themed

Icon buttons can be themed to match the color scheme of the application. The following example shows a themed icon button using the `theme` attribute:

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.Themed} />

## With Anchor

Icon buttons can accept a slotted `<a>` element to create a link.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.Anchor} />

## With Badge

Icon buttons can display a badge to indicate the number of items in a list or the number of notifications.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.WithBadge} />

## With Circular Progress

It is common to place a circular progress indicator inside an icon button to indicate that an action is in progress.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.WithCircularProgress} />

## With Label

Icons buttons can be composed with the `<forge-label>` element to provide an accessible label for the button, as well as the correct label typography.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.WithLabel} />

## API

<CustomArgTypes />

## Accessibility

- Verify that you can reach every button by keyboard navigation.
  - Ensure that there is a visual cue that the button is currently in focus.
  - Ensure that there is an `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` attribute indicating the purpose of the button.
- Verify that pressing the space bar or enter key while focused on a button will activate the button in the same manner as if it had been clicked with a mouse.
- If color conveys important information, provide additional cues for users with color perception deficiencies.

## CSS-Only

The icon-button component is also available as a CSS-only component without the need for JavaScript.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.CSSOnly} />

<CssOnlyInformation />

Commit message:

[icon-button] improve docs for toggle mode + background color for "icon" variant when toggled on (#767)

src/stories/components/icon-button/IconButton.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Title, Canvas } from '@storybook/blocks';
import CustomArgTypes from '../../blocks/CustomArgTypes';
import CssOnlyInformation from '../../blocks/CssOnlyInformation';
import * as IconButtonStories from './IconButton.stories';

<Meta of={IconButtonStories} />

<Title />

Icon buttons communicate actions that users can take.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.Demo} />

## Variants

Icon buttons can be styled in different ways to indicate their purpose and emphasis level.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.Variants} />

## Toggle

Icon buttons can be toggled on and off to indicate a state change.

When using a toggle icon button, ensure that you have provided an "off" icon in the default slot, and a "on" icon placed in the `on` slot.
The "on" icon should be visually distinct from the "off" icon to indicate the current state of the button. Typically an outlined-style icon
is used for the "off" state and a filled-style icon is used for the "on" state, but any icons can be used.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.Toggle} />

## Themed

Icon buttons can be themed to match the color scheme of the application. The following example shows a themed icon button using the `theme` attribute:

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.Themed} />

## With Anchor

Icon buttons can accept a slotted `<a>` element to create a link.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.Anchor} />

## With Badge

Icon buttons can display a badge to indicate the number of items in a list or the number of notifications.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.WithBadge} />

## With Circular Progress

It is common to place a circular progress indicator inside an icon button to indicate that an action is in progress.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.WithCircularProgress} />

## With Label

Icons buttons can be composed with the `<forge-label>` element to provide an accessible label for the button, as well as the correct label typography.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.WithLabel} />

## API

<CustomArgTypes />

## Accessibility

- Verify that you can reach every button by keyboard navigation.
  - Ensure that there is a visual cue that the button is currently in focus.
  - Ensure that there is an `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` attribute indicating the purpose of the button.
- Verify that pressing the space bar or enter key while focused on a button will activate the button in the same manner as if it had been clicked with a mouse.
- If color conveys important information, provide additional cues for users with color perception deficiencies.

## CSS-Only

The icon-button component is also available as a CSS-only component without the need for JavaScript.

<Canvas of={IconButtonStories.CSSOnly} />

<CssOnlyInformation />
