src/stories/src/guides/framework-usage.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

<Meta title="Guides/Framework usage" parameters={{
  previewTabs: {
    'storybook/docs/panel': { title: 'Guide' },
    canvas: { hidden: true }
  },
  viewMode: 'docs'
}} />

<PageSection>

# Guide: Framework usage

While yes, Forge Web Components are framework-agnostic, it can still be very useful to provide what we call framework "adapter" libraries for the various frameworks
out there to help ease the lives of developers consuming Forge with those frameworks. This guide will walk you through the various frameworks to help you understand
what the adapter libraries help you with.

> **Note:** it's important to note that the framework adapter libraries are completely **optional**. All components will work as-is within any framework because they
> are just custom HTML elements like any other HTML element built-in to the web browser. The communication and instantiation of the components is where these adapter
> libraries shine.

Let's get started!

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Introduction

Web Components give us the ability to create a self contained UI component and distribute that component for use in any application anywhere. The problem here is that
things don't always work seamlessly in regards to integrating with web frameworks out there such as Angular, React, Vue, Svelte... etc.

There is a great website called [Custom Elements Everywhere](https://custom-elements-everywhere.com/) that does a nice job at describing this, and they even provide
compatibility scores for all major frameworks out there to help you get an idea of whether that specific framework provides built-in support for custom elements or not.

With that being said, it's important to know that custom elements are **just** HTML elements that we can register with the browser. Given that basic description, no matter
what framework you're using, it will already be inherently compatible. The problem lies in the fact that we can create rich components that work with complex data,
make use of dynamic elements, or interact with forms and those features may not play nice with the framework of choice.

</PageSection>

--- 

<PageSection>

## Frameworks

Below you will find the various popular front-end web frameworks out there that we either provide adapter libraries for, or have considered in the future.

### Angular

Tyler Technologies makes heavy use of Angular and is our most used framework adapter library. Angular has great built-in compatibility with Web Components,
but when it comes to interacting with forms, showing dynamic elements such as dialogs, toasts, popups... etc. this is where using the adapter library will really make
your life easier and make using Forge components seamless.

When you create a custom element that interacts with a form, you can integrate this with Angular's `formControl`, `formControlName`, and `ngModel` by creating what
Angular calls `ControlValueAccessor` directives. These directives teach Angular how to get/set the value of the custom form fields. This adapter library provides these
directives for you, and all you need to do is simply import the Angular module that contains them.

Along with the directives, this library also provides Angular services to make it easy to show dynamic elements such as toast messages, dialogs, and popups with Angular
components embedded.

> One caveat of using Web Components (specifically custom elements) with Angular is the requirement to specify the `CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA` in your Angular module. This
> schema tells Angular to ignore elements that it does not know about, which essentially disables some useful feedback you'd usually receive from the tooling.
>
> This caveat can be circumvented by creating Angular component wrappers if desired. We do not provide wrapper components like this at this time.

You can find the Angular adapter library for Forge [here](https://github.com/tyler-technologies-oss/forge-angular).

### React

Out of all of the popular front-end frameworks out there, React surprisingly does not have great Web Component support (latest version React 18 at time of writing).
In React you must use `ref` to communicate with custom elements when passing complex data such as objects and arrays, or when listening to custom events. This makes
working with custom elements cumbersome and many revert to creating React component wrappers.

The Forge team maintains a set of React component wrappers for every component in the library to help make this easier. You can find more information [here](https://github.com/tyler-technologies-oss/forge-react).

> This documentation site is built with React using those very same component wrappers!

### Svelte

Svelte is a fantastic and modern web framework. Web Component support is great in this framework, and while we do not offer an adapter library at this time, we intend
to build one very soon as we invest more into using Svelte internally.

Svelte mostly works seamlessly with Web Components, but there are some things we can do to improve the experience around dynamic elements and we intend to build that out soon.

### Vue

Vue, like Svelte and Angular, offers great built-in support for Web Components. We do not currently offer an adapter library for Vue at this time, but if the need is there
we can certainly put one together.

</PageSection>

Commit message:

chore: update Angular framework usage

src/stories/src/guides/framework-usage.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

<Meta title="Guides/Framework usage" parameters={{
  previewTabs: {
    'storybook/docs/panel': { title: 'Guide' },
    canvas: { hidden: true }
  },
  viewMode: 'docs'
}} />

<PageSection>

# Guide: Framework usage

While yes, Forge Web Components are framework-agnostic, it can still be very useful to provide what we call framework "adapter" libraries for the various frameworks
out there to help ease the lives of developers consuming Forge with those frameworks. This guide will walk you through the various frameworks to help you understand
what the adapter libraries help you with.

> **Note:** it's important to note that the framework adapter libraries are completely **optional**. All components will work as-is within any framework because they
> are just custom HTML elements like any other HTML element built-in to the web browser. The communication and instantiation of the components is where these adapter
> libraries shine.

Let's get started!

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Introduction

Web Components give us the ability to create a self contained UI component and distribute that component for use in any application anywhere. The problem here is that
things don't always work seamlessly in regards to integrating with web frameworks out there such as Angular, React, Vue, Svelte... etc.

There is a great website called [Custom Elements Everywhere](https://custom-elements-everywhere.com/) that does a nice job at describing this, and they even provide
compatibility scores for all major frameworks out there to help you get an idea of whether that specific framework provides built-in support for custom elements or not.

With that being said, it's important to know that custom elements are **just** HTML elements that we can register with the browser. Given that basic description, no matter
what framework you're using, it will already be inherently compatible. The problem lies in the fact that we can create rich components that work with complex data,
make use of dynamic elements, or interact with forms and those features may not play nice with the framework of choice.

</PageSection>

--- 

<PageSection>

## Frameworks

Below you will find the various popular front-end web frameworks out there that we either provide adapter libraries for, or have considered in the future.

### Angular

Tyler Technologies makes heavy use of Angular and is our most used framework adapter library. Angular has great built-in compatibility with Web Components,
but when it comes to interacting with forms, showing dynamic elements such as dialogs, toasts, popups... etc. this is where using the adapter library will really make
your life easier and make using Forge components seamless.

When you create a custom element that interacts with a form, you can integrate this with Angular's `formControl`, `formControlName`, and `ngModel` by creating what
Angular calls `ControlValueAccessor` directives. These directives teach Angular how to get/set the value of the custom form fields. This adapter library provides these
directives for you, and all you need to do is simply import the Angular module that contains them.

Along with the directives, this library also provides Angular services to make it easy to show dynamic elements such as toast messages, dialogs, and popups with Angular
components embedded.

#### **Usage without `CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA`**

Usually, one caveat of using Web Components (specifically custom elements) with Angular is the requirement to specify the `CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA` in your Angular module. This
schema tells Angular to ignore elements that it does not know about, which essentially disables some useful feedback you'd usually receive from the tooling. 
The [Angular adapter library for Forge](https://github.com/tyler-technologies-oss/forge-angular) now circumvents this by providing generated "proxy" components
which allow you to use the Forge components as if they were Angular components.  This is entirely opt-in in V2, but in v3 will be provided by the same NgModules as the value accessors.

To opt-in, import the appropriate modules from `@tylertech/forge-angular` in place of using the `CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA`.
In cases where a module already exists to provide a value accessor, such as `DatePickerModule`, a separate `DatePickerProxyModule` will exist.
In v3 this separate module will no longer be necessary, but you will still need to import modules for Forge components without value accessors.
Individual modules are available for every custom element, but related ones are typically also grouped for convenience.
For example, `TabContainerModule` also re-exports `TabModule`.

Generally, this migration process is fairly seamless, though occasionally stricter template type-checking will catch some issues.  Some of these may be
actual errors in your template, while others will be technically valid but the types don't match perfectly, such as providing an object to a boolean property
intending to use existence to represent truthiness.  Address these errors, or use `$any()` to suppress them.

> There is one subtle but breaking change related to using proxy components.  `ViewChild` or `ViewChildren` references to Forge components
> would previously always have resulting in an `ElementRef`, even if the `{ read: ElementRef }` option was not specified.  Now that they are
> actual Angular Components, they will default to the proxy component itself, but this mismatch will not be detected at compile-time.
>
> Audit all your `ViewChild` references, and ensure you pass the `{ read: ElementRef }` option anywhere you expect the type to be `ElementRef`.

### React

Out of all of the popular front-end frameworks out there, React surprisingly does not have great Web Component support (latest version React 18 at time of writing).
In React you must use `ref` to communicate with custom elements when passing complex data such as objects and arrays, or when listening to custom events. This makes
working with custom elements cumbersome and many revert to creating React component wrappers.

The Forge team maintains a set of React component wrappers for every component in the library to help make this easier. You can find more information [here](https://github.com/tyler-technologies-oss/forge-react).

> This documentation site is built with React using those very same component wrappers!

### Svelte

Svelte is a fantastic and modern web framework. Web Component support is great in this framework, and while we do not offer an adapter library at this time, we intend
to build one very soon as we invest more into using Svelte internally.

Svelte mostly works seamlessly with Web Components, but there are some things we can do to improve the experience around dynamic elements and we intend to build that out soon.

### Vue

Vue, like Svelte and Angular, offers great built-in support for Web Components. We do not currently offer an adapter library for Vue at this time, but if the need is there
we can certainly put one together.

</PageSection>
