src/stories/src/guides/theming.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import ThemeColorGrid from '../core/theme-color-grid';

<Meta title="Guides/Theming" parameters={{
  previewTabs: {
    'storybook/docs/panel': { title: 'Guide' },
    canvas: { hidden: true }
  },
  viewMode: 'docs'
}} />

<PageSection>

# Guide: Theming

Theming within Forge is supported at the core, and colors can be easily adjusted at a granular component level, or across
the library as a whole depending on which theme values are inherited by each component.

> See the docs page for each component to view the custom properties that are used.

All custom theming in Forge is done via adjusting the CSS custom properties at runtime, but the library provides utility
Sass mixins for every component, as well as the global theme so that you can easily generate the correct custom property
definitions. Optionally, you can provide a custom stylesheet that uses the Sass mixins to generate a default set of
custom property definitions without needing to override the default definitions if you prefer. More on this below.

An important note about theming is that if you need to customize anything that is **not** available through CSS custom
properties, you can always target internal elements directly using the [CSS Shadow Parts](#css-shadow-parts).

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Colors

Below you will find an example of the default theme colors provided by Forge, and their corresponding semantic names and values.

<ThemeColorGrid />

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

If you're not familiar with CSS custom properties, we recommend that you read the [MDC documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--*) before continuing.

CSS custom properties (also known as CSS variables) allow for us to provide custom styles that all components across the library can inherit from for things
like global theme values, font size, or any other commonly used CSS value. Along with that, individual components can also define their own custom properties
for specific internal styles that are frequently changed. This approach makes sharing styles across the library easier, while giving hooks to specific styles
within components that are frequently targeted by developers.

### Overriding global styles

Theming typically begins at adjusting the primary and secondary colors to match your brand. Forge also provides a tertiary theme color that is uses as well.
In the example below you can see that we are setting up a selector targeting the root element, and we're going to override these 3 theme values:

```scss
:root {
  --mdc-theme-primary: hotpink;
  --mdc-theme-secondary: blueviolet;
  --forge-theme-tertiary: orangered;
}
```

These theme values are inherited by all components that require these specific color values, but it's important to note that you can also use these values
within your own application/components to ensure seamless integration. For example, it is very common to set up your surface and background theme colors
for your application:

```scss expanded
body {
  background-color: var(--mdc-theme-background);
}

.my-content {
  background-color: var(--mdc-theme-surface);
}

.my-custom-component {
  color: var(--mdc-theme-primary);
}
```

> **Note:** the `<body>` styles are defined for you by including the `forge-core.css` stylesheet for convenience, among a few other important styles.

### Overriding component styles

When you need to override a specific CSS custom property in a specific component instance you will first need to refer to the docs page for the
component you care about to see which custom properties are available. From there you can write a selector to target the element:

```html
<forge-card class="my-card"></forge-card>
```

```scss
.my-card {
  --forge-card-padding: 24px;
}
```

This example will override the `padding` within the Shadow DOM of the component.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Sass mixins

Using the CSS custom properties directly is always something that you'll need to do, but Forge also provides a robust Sass library that you can take 
advantage of, especially when it comes to theming and creating your own theme customizations.

Forge provides Sass mixins for developer convenience that allows for providing a key/value Sass map of theme names and style values to override for various 
component and global theme styles. These mixins are not a requirement to use, but they will make your life easier when it comes to customizing and creating
your own themes.

> Forge uses Sass modules. If your project doesn't support Sass modules, you will need to upgrade your installation of `sass` to make use of these examples.

### Customizing global theme

Forge exposes a mixin called `provide-theme`, and this allows you to pass in theme names and corresponding color values to use.

In the example below, you will see that we are overriding the `primary`, `secondary`, and `tertiary` theme entries with our custom color values.

```sass
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/theme' as forge-theme;

:root {
  @include forge-theme.provide-theme((
    primary: #000000,
    secondary: #ffeb3b,
    tertiary: #686868
  ));
}
```

This is technically equivalent to writing the following CSS:

```css
:root {
  --mdc-theme-primary: #000000;
  --mdc-theme-secondary: #ffeb3b;
  --forge-theme-tertiary: #686868;
}
```

> The benefit to using the Sass mixin is you get integration with key validation, and can be sure your custom properties will always be generated properly.

### Customizing component theme

Customizing the theme for a specific comonponent can be done much the same way, but you will have to review the documentation for that specific component to know
what style hooks it exposes for theming.

In the example below, you'll see that we're overriding component-specific theme values only for the `<forge-badge>` component:

```sass expanded
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/badge/mixins' as badge;

.my-custom-badge {
  @include badge.provide-theme((
    default-muted-background: #bdbdbd,
    default-muted-color: var(--mdc-theme-primary),
    default-strong-background: #424242,
    default-strong-color: white,
    info-primary-muted-background: var(--forge-badge-theme-default-muted-background),
    info-primary-muted-color: var(--forge-badge-theme-default-muted-color),
    info-primary-strong-background: var(--forge-badge-theme-default-strong-background),
    info-primary-strong-color: var(--forge-badge-theme-default-strong-color),
    info-secondary-strong-background: var(--forge-theme-tertiary),
    info-secondary-strong-color: white
  ));
}
```

```html
<forge-badge class="my-custom-badge">Example</forge-badge>
```

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## CSS Shadow Parts

If you're not familiar with CSS Shadow Parts, we recommend that you read the [MDN documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::part) before continuing.

Every component that uses [Shadow DOM](?page=/story/guides-shadow-dom--page) within Forge will also have every element within the internal template marked up with 
`part` attributes to enable the use of `::part` selectors to adjust the styles to your needs.

> While this customization is available, keep in mind that you are technically overriding the internals of a component. This is not considered part of the public
> component API and is subject to change between any version. However, changes to internal templates will always be noted in the changelog.

Also, keep in mind that not every component in Forge uses Shadow DOM. There are certain components that rely on global styles. If you see a `#shadow-root` node when
inspecting an element in the browser developer tools then you will know if Shadow DOM is in use.

Many components also make use of [slots](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/slot) and the `::slotted` selector. These elements are provide
by developers that use content projection to render within a specified slot within the internal component template. These elements are fully customizable by
developers when specifying overrides directly using your own selectors.

An example of customizing the internals of a component using CSS Shadow Parts is shown below:

```scss
// Target all <forge-badge> elements and override the "root" shadow part
forge-badge::part(root) {
  padding: 16px;
  border-radius: 4px;
  font-size: 1rem;
}
```

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Dark theme

Forge provides a built-in default dark theme stylesheet for ease of use that complements our default light theme, but you are completely free
to customize the dark theme to your needs.

A stylesheet is distributed with Forge called `forge-dark.css` this can be found in the npm package under the `dist` directory.

Simply by loading this stylesheet in your application (after `forge.css` is loaded) your app will change to dark mode.

The dark theme uses the Sass mixins mentioned above to generate the proper CSS custom property overrides. As you can see below, we just apply
the styles to the `:root` selector:

```scss
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/theme/theme-dark';

:root {
  @include theme-dark.theme-properties;
}
```

If we dig down a bit deeper into the `theme-properties` mixin within the `_theme-dark.scss` file, you will see how we utilize the `provide-theme`
mixins ourselves to generate this theme automatically by providing our preset dark color values via maps:

```scss
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/theme';
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/app-bar/mixins' as app-bar-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/app-bar/variables' as app-bar-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/backdrop/mixins' as backdrop-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/backdrop/variables' as backdrop-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/skeleton/mixins' as skeleton-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/skeleton/variables' as skeleton-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/linear-progress/mixins' as linear-progress-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/linear-progress/variables' as linear-progress-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/tooltip/mixins' as tooltip-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/toast/mixins' as toast-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/toast/variables' as toast-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/badge/mixins' as badge-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/badge/variables' as badge-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/banner/mixins' as banner-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/banner/variables' as banner-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/inline-message/mixins' as inline-message-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/inline-message/variables' as inline-message-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/table/mixins' as table-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/table/variables' as table-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/switch/switch-theme' as switch-theme;

///
/// Provides the CSS custom property definitions for the default Forge dark theme.
///
@mixin theme-properties() {
  /// Global MDC and Forge theme properties
  @include theme.provide-theme(theme.$property-values-dark);

  /// Component-specific Forge theme properties
  @include app-bar-mixins.provide-theme(app-bar-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include backdrop-mixins.provide-theme(backdrop-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include skeleton-mixins.provide-theme(skeleton-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include linear-progress-mixins.provide-theme(linear-progress-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include toast-mixins.provide-theme(toast-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include table-mixins.provide-theme(table-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include badge-mixins.provide-theme(badge-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include banner-mixins.provide-theme(banner-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include inline-message-mixins.provide-theme(inline-message-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include switch-theme.dark-theme-properties;
}

```

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Custom theme

Creating a custom theme will be set up almost exactly the same way the above dark theme is set up. You will first need to determine if you are just modifying
an existing theme, or if you're creating a whole new light and/or dark theme from scratch.

You will want to start off by applying your overrides at the `:root` selector:

```scss
:root {
  // ... my overrides
}
```

You can place CSS custom property definitions here directly, or use the Sass mixins noted above (recommended). This is really where you'll need to dig into the
available CSS custom properties and determine which styles you need to override at a global level.

> Inspect your page and view the `<html>` element to learn which CSS custom properties are defined at `:root` and try playing around with these values to see
> your theme adjustments immediately. This can be a good way to not only learn what is available, but it also allows for you to create your theme in real time.

</PageSection>

Commit message:

chore(storybook): use CSS custom property names for theming guide

src/stories/src/guides/theming.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import ThemeColorGrid from '../core/theme-color-grid';

<Meta title="Guides/Theming" parameters={{
  previewTabs: {
    'storybook/docs/panel': { title: 'Guide' },
    canvas: { hidden: true }
  },
  viewMode: 'docs'
}} />

<PageSection>

# Guide: Theming

Theming within Forge is supported at the core, and colors can be easily adjusted at a granular component level, or across
the library as a whole depending on which theme values are inherited by each component.

> See the docs page for each component to view the custom properties that are used.

All custom theming in Forge is done via adjusting the CSS custom properties at runtime, but the library provides utility
Sass mixins for every component, as well as the global theme so that you can easily generate the correct custom property
definitions. Optionally, you can provide a custom stylesheet that uses the Sass mixins to generate a default set of
custom property definitions without needing to override the default definitions if you prefer. More on this below.

An important note about theming is that if you need to customize anything that is **not** available through CSS custom
properties, you can always target internal elements directly using the [CSS Shadow Parts](#css-shadow-parts).

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Colors

Below you will find an example of the default theme colors provided by Forge, and their corresponding semantic CSS custom property names and values.

> **Note:** the example colors will change automatically based on whether dark/light theme is currently being used.

<ThemeColorGrid />

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

If you're not familiar with CSS custom properties, we recommend that you read the [MDC documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--*) before continuing.

CSS custom properties (also known as CSS variables) allow for us to provide custom styles that all components across the library can inherit from for things
like global theme values, font size, or any other commonly used CSS value. Along with that, individual components can also define their own custom properties
for specific internal styles that are frequently changed. This approach makes sharing styles across the library easier, while giving hooks to specific styles
within components that are frequently targeted by developers.

### Overriding global styles

Theming typically begins at adjusting the primary and secondary colors to match your brand. Forge also provides a tertiary theme color that is uses as well.
In the example below you can see that we are setting up a selector targeting the root element, and we're going to override these 3 theme values:

```scss
:root {
  --mdc-theme-primary: hotpink;
  --mdc-theme-secondary: blueviolet;
  --forge-theme-tertiary: orangered;
}
```

These theme values are inherited by all components that require these specific color values, but it's important to note that you can also use these values
within your own application/components to ensure seamless integration. For example, it is very common to set up your surface and background theme colors
for your application:

```scss expanded
body {
  background-color: var(--mdc-theme-background);
}

.my-content {
  background-color: var(--mdc-theme-surface);
}

.my-custom-component {
  color: var(--mdc-theme-primary);
}
```

> **Note:** the `<body>` styles are defined for you by including the `forge-core.css` stylesheet for convenience, among a few other important styles.

### Overriding component styles

When you need to override a specific CSS custom property in a specific component instance you will first need to refer to the docs page for the
component you care about to see which custom properties are available. From there you can write a selector to target the element:

```html
<forge-card class="my-card"></forge-card>
```

```scss
.my-card {
  --forge-card-padding: 24px;
}
```

This example will override the `padding` within the Shadow DOM of the component.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Sass mixins

Using the CSS custom properties directly is always something that you'll need to do, but Forge also provides a robust Sass library that you can take 
advantage of, especially when it comes to theming and creating your own theme customizations.

Forge provides Sass mixins for developer convenience that allows for providing a key/value Sass map of theme names and style values to override for various 
component and global theme styles. These mixins are not a requirement to use, but they will make your life easier when it comes to customizing and creating
your own themes.

> Forge uses Sass modules. If your project doesn't support Sass modules, you will need to upgrade your installation of `sass` to make use of these examples.

### Customizing global theme

Forge exposes a mixin called `provide-theme`, and this allows you to pass in theme names and corresponding color values to use.

In the example below, you will see that we are overriding the `primary`, `secondary`, and `tertiary` theme entries with our custom color values.

```sass
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/theme' as forge-theme;

:root {
  @include forge-theme.provide-theme((
    primary: #000000,
    secondary: #ffeb3b,
    tertiary: #686868
  ));
}
```

This is technically equivalent to writing the following CSS:

```css
:root {
  --mdc-theme-primary: #000000;
  --mdc-theme-secondary: #ffeb3b;
  --forge-theme-tertiary: #686868;
}
```

> The benefit to using the Sass mixin is you get integration with key validation, and can be sure your custom properties will always be generated properly.

### Customizing component theme

Customizing the theme for a specific comonponent can be done much the same way, but you will have to review the documentation for that specific component to know
what style hooks it exposes for theming.

In the example below, you'll see that we're overriding component-specific theme values only for the `<forge-badge>` component:

```sass expanded
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/badge/mixins' as badge;

.my-custom-badge {
  @include badge.provide-theme((
    default-muted-background: #bdbdbd,
    default-muted-color: var(--mdc-theme-primary),
    default-strong-background: #424242,
    default-strong-color: white,
    info-primary-muted-background: var(--forge-badge-theme-default-muted-background),
    info-primary-muted-color: var(--forge-badge-theme-default-muted-color),
    info-primary-strong-background: var(--forge-badge-theme-default-strong-background),
    info-primary-strong-color: var(--forge-badge-theme-default-strong-color),
    info-secondary-strong-background: var(--forge-theme-tertiary),
    info-secondary-strong-color: white
  ));
}
```

```html
<forge-badge class="my-custom-badge">Example</forge-badge>
```

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## CSS Shadow Parts

If you're not familiar with CSS Shadow Parts, we recommend that you read the [MDN documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::part) before continuing.

Every component that uses [Shadow DOM](?page=/story/guides-shadow-dom--page) within Forge will also have every element within the internal template marked up with 
`part` attributes to enable the use of `::part` selectors to adjust the styles to your needs.

> While this customization is available, keep in mind that you are technically overriding the internals of a component. This is not considered part of the public
> component API and is subject to change between any version. However, changes to internal templates will always be noted in the changelog.

Also, keep in mind that not every component in Forge uses Shadow DOM. There are certain components that rely on global styles. If you see a `#shadow-root` node when
inspecting an element in the browser developer tools then you will know if Shadow DOM is in use.

Many components also make use of [slots](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/slot) and the `::slotted` selector. These elements are provide
by developers that use content projection to render within a specified slot within the internal component template. These elements are fully customizable by
developers when specifying overrides directly using your own selectors.

An example of customizing the internals of a component using CSS Shadow Parts is shown below:

```scss
// Target all <forge-badge> elements and override the "root" shadow part
forge-badge::part(root) {
  padding: 16px;
  border-radius: 4px;
  font-size: 1rem;
}
```

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Dark theme

Forge provides a built-in default dark theme stylesheet for ease of use that complements our default light theme, but you are completely free
to customize the dark theme to your needs.

A stylesheet is distributed with Forge called `forge-dark.css` this can be found in the npm package under the `dist` directory.

Simply by loading this stylesheet in your application (after `forge.css` is loaded) your app will change to dark mode.

The dark theme uses the Sass mixins mentioned above to generate the proper CSS custom property overrides. As you can see below, we just apply
the styles to the `:root` selector:

```scss
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/theme/theme-dark';

:root {
  @include theme-dark.theme-properties;
}
```

If we dig down a bit deeper into the `theme-properties` mixin within the `_theme-dark.scss` file, you will see how we utilize the `provide-theme`
mixins ourselves to generate this theme automatically by providing our preset dark color values via maps:

```scss
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/theme';
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/app-bar/mixins' as app-bar-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/app-bar/variables' as app-bar-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/backdrop/mixins' as backdrop-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/backdrop/variables' as backdrop-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/skeleton/mixins' as skeleton-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/skeleton/variables' as skeleton-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/linear-progress/mixins' as linear-progress-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/linear-progress/variables' as linear-progress-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/tooltip/mixins' as tooltip-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/toast/mixins' as toast-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/toast/variables' as toast-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/badge/mixins' as badge-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/badge/variables' as badge-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/banner/mixins' as banner-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/banner/variables' as banner-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/inline-message/mixins' as inline-message-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/inline-message/variables' as inline-message-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/table/mixins' as table-mixins;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/table/variables' as table-variables;
@use '@tylertech/forge/styles/switch/switch-theme' as switch-theme;

///
/// Provides the CSS custom property definitions for the default Forge dark theme.
///
@mixin theme-properties() {
  /// Global MDC and Forge theme properties
  @include theme.provide-theme(theme.$property-values-dark);

  /// Component-specific Forge theme properties
  @include app-bar-mixins.provide-theme(app-bar-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include backdrop-mixins.provide-theme(backdrop-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include skeleton-mixins.provide-theme(skeleton-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include linear-progress-mixins.provide-theme(linear-progress-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include toast-mixins.provide-theme(toast-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include table-mixins.provide-theme(table-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include badge-mixins.provide-theme(badge-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include banner-mixins.provide-theme(banner-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include inline-message-mixins.provide-theme(inline-message-variables.$theme-values-dark);
  @include switch-theme.dark-theme-properties;
}

```

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Custom theme

Creating a custom theme will be set up almost exactly the same way the above dark theme is set up. You will first need to determine if you are just modifying
an existing theme, or if you're creating a whole new light and/or dark theme from scratch.

You will want to start off by applying your overrides at the `:root` selector:

```scss
:root {
  // ... my overrides
}
```

You can place CSS custom property definitions here directly, or use the Sass mixins noted above (recommended). This is really where you'll need to dig into the
available CSS custom properties and determine which styles you need to override at a global level.

> Inspect your page and view the `<html>` element to learn which CSS custom properties are defined at `:root` and try playing around with these values to see
> your theme adjustments immediately. This can be a good way to not only learn what is available, but it also allows for you to create your theme in real time.

</PageSection>
