src/stories/src/components/stepper/stepper.mdx, before:

import { DefaultTemplate as StepperDemo } from './templates/default';
import { ConfigurationTemplate as ConfigurationDemo } from './templates/configuration';
import { StepperDefaultHtml } from './code/stepper-default';
import { StepperConfigurationHtml, StepperConfigurationTs } from './code/stepper-configuration';

<PageSection>

## Usage

The stepper is a component that provides a series of views that can be controlled by `<forge-stepper` via mouse clicks.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Examples

### Basic

The following example demonstrates using the stepper with various step states. Typically you will have configuration behind
this that is tied to each `<forge-step>` element so that you can control its state, but it can certainly be used in a static
format like shown below.


<LiveDemo 
fullWidth 
layout={"column"} 
codeHtml={StepperDefaultHtml()}>
  <StepperDemo/>
</LiveDemo>


## Configuration

If you prefer, you can configure the stepper with an array of objects (instead of declaratively specifying it in
the HTML), and it will render itself based on that configuration.

<LiveDemo 
fullWidth 
layout={"column"} 
codeHtml={StepperConfigurationHtml()} 
codeTs={StepperConfigurationTs()}>
  <ConfigurationDemo/>
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>


<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

### Stepper

<PropertyDef name="steps" type="IStepConfiguration[]" defaultValue="[]" attr={false}>

  The step configurations.

  This controls the state of the stepper.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selectedIndex" type="number" defaultValue="0">

  The active step index.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="linear" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Whether the stepper is linear or non-linear.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="alternative" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Whether the stepper uses the default or alternative label layout mode.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="layoutMode" type="StepperLayoutMode" defaultValue="stretched">

  The layout mode of the stepper.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="layoutAlign" type="StepperLayoutAlign" defaultValue="center">

  The layout alignment of the stepper.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the disabled state of all steps.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="vertical" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets whether the stepper will render in a vertical orientation or not.

</PropertyDef>



### Step

<PropertyDef name="index" type="number" defaultValue="undefined">

  The number that is displayed in the step indicator.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="editable" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls whether the step displays the "edit" icon to denote that the step content can be edited.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="completed" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls whether the step displays the "completed" icon to denote that the step has been finished.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="error" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the error state of the step.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selected" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the selected state of the step.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="alternative" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls whether the step indicator and label are stacked vertically or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the disabled state of the step

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="vertical" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets whether the step will render in a vertical orientation or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="expanded" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the expanded state of the step.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="ignoreUserExpansion" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Prevents the expanded state from changing.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Methods

### Step

<MethodDef name="setStepTabIndex(index: number): void">

Sets the tab index on the step

</MethodDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                                  | Description
| :-------------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-step-selected`                   | Emits when the user selects a step. **Emits from the `<forge-stepper>` element only.**
| `forge-step-expanded-content-focusin`   | Emits when the user focus enters the expanded content in a step. **Emits from the `<forge-stepper>` element only.**
| `forge-step-expanded-content-focusout`  | Emits when the user focus exits the expanded content in a step. **Emits from the `<forge-stepper>` element only.**

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Slots

### Stepper

| Name                           | Description
| :------------------------------| :----------------
| `default`                      | The default (unnamed) slot expects child elements `<forge-step>`.

### Step

| Name                           | Description
| :------------------------------| :----------------
| `default`                      | The default (unnamed) slot renders the title for the step.
| `optional`                     | The optional slot renders a subtitle for the step.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

| Name                                                                    | Description
| :-----------------------------------------------------------------------| :----------------
| `--mdc-theme-text-disabled-on-background`                               | Controls the background-color of the stepper when hovering.
| `--mdc-theme-text-disabled-on-light`                                    | Controls the color of the icon when disabled.
| `--mdc-theme-text-secondary-on-background`                              | Controls the color of the step label.
| `--mdc-theme-text-primary-on-background`                                | Controls the color of the step icon.
| `--mdc-theme-primary`                                                   | Controls the background-color of the step icon when selected.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                                     | Controls the color of the error state.
| `--mdc-theme-on-primary`                                                | Controls the color of the step icon when selected.
| `--mdc-theme-on-error`                                                  | Controls the color of the step icon when in an error state.
| `--mdc-theme-border-color`                                              | Controls the border-color of the step line.
| `--mdc-theme-icon-color`                                                | Controls the font color of the expanded icon.
| `--mdc-theme-form-field-text-disabled-on-background`                    | Controls the disabled color throughout the component.
| `--forge-step-expansion-panel-border-left-width`                          | Controls the left border width of the expansion panel.
| `--forge-step-expansion-panel-margin-left`                                | Controls the left margin of the expansion panel.
| `--forge-step-expansion-panel-margin-top`                                 | Controls the top margin of the expansion panel.
| `--forge-step-expansion-panel-margin-bottom`                              | Controls the bottom margin of the expansion panel.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### IStepConfiguration

```ts
interface IStepConfiguration {
  label: string;
  optionalLabel?: string;
  editable?: boolean;
  completed?: boolean;
  error?: boolean;
  disabled?: boolean;
  vertical?: boolean;
  expanded?: boolean;
  ignoreUserExpansion?: boolean;
}
```

### IStepperConfiguration

```ts
interface IStepperConfiguration {
  steps: IStepConfiguration[];
  selectedIndex: number;
  linear: boolean;
  alternative: boolean;
  layoutMode: StepperLayoutMode;
  layoutAlign: StepperLayoutAlign;
  vertical?: boolean;
}
```

### StepperLayoutMode

```ts
type StepperLayoutMode = 'fixed' | 'clustered';
```

### StepperLayoutAlign

```ts
type StepperLayoutAlign = 'left' | 'center' | 'right';
```

### StepIcons

```ts
export type StepIcons = 'check' | 'block' | 'mode_edit' | 'warning' | '';
```

</PageSection>

Commit message:

feat: add keyboard shortcuts to docs

src/stories/src/components/stepper/stepper.mdx, after:

import { DefaultTemplate as StepperDemo } from './templates/default';
import { ConfigurationTemplate as ConfigurationDemo } from './templates/configuration';
import { StepperDefaultHtml } from './code/stepper-default';
import { StepperConfigurationHtml, StepperConfigurationTs } from './code/stepper-configuration';

<PageSection>

## Usage

The stepper is a component that provides a series of views that can be controlled by `<forge-stepper` via mouse clicks.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Examples

### Basic

The following example demonstrates using the stepper with various step states. Typically you will have configuration behind
this that is tied to each `<forge-step>` element so that you can control its state, but it can certainly be used in a static
format like shown below.


<LiveDemo 
fullWidth 
layout={"column"} 
codeHtml={StepperDefaultHtml()}>
  <StepperDemo/>
</LiveDemo>


## Configuration

If you prefer, you can configure the stepper with an array of objects (instead of declaratively specifying it in
the HTML), and it will render itself based on that configuration.

<LiveDemo 
fullWidth 
layout={"column"} 
codeHtml={StepperConfigurationHtml()} 
codeTs={StepperConfigurationTs()}>
  <ConfigurationDemo/>
</LiveDemo>

</PageSection>


<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

### Stepper

<PropertyDef name="steps" type="IStepConfiguration[]" defaultValue="[]" attr={false}>

  The step configurations.

  This controls the state of the stepper.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selectedIndex" type="number" defaultValue="0">

  The active step index.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="linear" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Whether the stepper is linear or non-linear.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="alternative" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Whether the stepper uses the default or alternative label layout mode.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="layoutMode" type="StepperLayoutMode" defaultValue="stretched">

  The layout mode of the stepper.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="layoutAlign" type="StepperLayoutAlign" defaultValue="center">

  The layout alignment of the stepper.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the disabled state of all steps.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="vertical" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets whether the stepper will render in a vertical orientation or not.

</PropertyDef>



### Step

<PropertyDef name="index" type="number" defaultValue="undefined">

  The number that is displayed in the step indicator.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="editable" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls whether the step displays the "edit" icon to denote that the step content can be edited.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="completed" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls whether the step displays the "completed" icon to denote that the step has been finished.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="error" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the error state of the step.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selected" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the selected state of the step.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="alternative" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls whether the step indicator and label are stacked vertically or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="disabled" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the disabled state of the step

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="vertical" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Gets/sets whether the step will render in a vertical orientation or not.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="expanded" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Controls the expanded state of the step.

</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="ignoreUserExpansion" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

  Prevents the expanded state from changing.

</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Methods

### Step

<MethodDef name="setStepTabIndex(index: number): void">

Sets the tab index on the step

</MethodDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                                  | Description
| :-------------------------------------| :----------------
| `forge-step-selected`                   | Emits when the user selects a step. **Emits from the `<forge-stepper>` element only.**
| `forge-step-expanded-content-focusin`   | Emits when the user focus enters the expanded content in a step. **Emits from the `<forge-stepper>` element only.**
| `forge-step-expanded-content-focusout`  | Emits when the user focus exits the expanded content in a step. **Emits from the `<forge-stepper>` element only.**

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Name                                | Description
| :-----------------------------------| :----------------
| **Horizontal Steps**                |
| `arrow right`                       | Moves focus to the next step.
| `arrow left`                        | Moves focus to the previous step.
| `home`                              | Moves focus to the first step.
| `end`                               | Moves focus to the last step.
| **Vertical Steps**                  |
| `arrow down `                       | Moves focus to the next step.
| `arrow up`                          | Moves focus to the previous step.
| `home`                              | Moves focus to the first step.
| `end`                               | Moves focus to the last step.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Slots

### Stepper

| Name                           | Description
| :------------------------------| :----------------
| `default`                      | The default (unnamed) slot expects child elements `<forge-step>`.

### Step

| Name                           | Description
| :------------------------------| :----------------
| `default`                      | The default (unnamed) slot renders the title for the step.
| `optional`                     | The optional slot renders a subtitle for the step.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## CSS custom properties

| Name                                                                    | Description
| :-----------------------------------------------------------------------| :----------------
| `--mdc-theme-text-disabled-on-background`                               | Controls the background-color of the stepper when hovering.
| `--mdc-theme-text-disabled-on-light`                                    | Controls the color of the icon when disabled.
| `--mdc-theme-text-secondary-on-background`                              | Controls the color of the step label.
| `--mdc-theme-text-primary-on-background`                                | Controls the color of the step icon.
| `--mdc-theme-primary`                                                   | Controls the background-color of the step icon when selected.
| `--mdc-theme-error`                                                     | Controls the color of the error state.
| `--mdc-theme-on-primary`                                                | Controls the color of the step icon when selected.
| `--mdc-theme-on-error`                                                  | Controls the color of the step icon when in an error state.
| `--mdc-theme-border-color`                                              | Controls the border-color of the step line.
| `--mdc-theme-icon-color`                                                | Controls the font color of the expanded icon.
| `--mdc-theme-form-field-text-disabled-on-background`                    | Controls the disabled color throughout the component.
| `--forge-step-expansion-panel-border-left-width`                          | Controls the left border width of the expansion panel.
| `--forge-step-expansion-panel-margin-left`                                | Controls the left margin of the expansion panel.
| `--forge-step-expansion-panel-margin-top`                                 | Controls the top margin of the expansion panel.
| `--forge-step-expansion-panel-margin-bottom`                              | Controls the bottom margin of the expansion panel.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### IStepConfiguration

```ts
interface IStepConfiguration {
  label: string;
  optionalLabel?: string;
  editable?: boolean;
  completed?: boolean;
  error?: boolean;
  disabled?: boolean;
  vertical?: boolean;
  expanded?: boolean;
  ignoreUserExpansion?: boolean;
}
```

### IStepperConfiguration

```ts
interface IStepperConfiguration {
  steps: IStepConfiguration[];
  selectedIndex: number;
  linear: boolean;
  alternative: boolean;
  layoutMode: StepperLayoutMode;
  layoutAlign: StepperLayoutAlign;
  vertical?: boolean;
}
```

### StepperLayoutMode

```ts
type StepperLayoutMode = 'fixed' | 'clustered';
```

### StepperLayoutAlign

```ts
type StepperLayoutAlign = 'left' | 'center' | 'right';
```

### StepIcons

```ts
export type StepIcons = 'check' | 'block' | 'mode_edit' | 'warning' | '';
```

</PageSection>
