src/stories/src/components/menu/menu.mdx, before:

import { DefaultTemplate as MenuDemo } from './templates/default';
import { MenuDefaultCodeHtml, MenuDefaultCodeTs } from './code/menu-default';

<PageSection>

## Usage

The menu component is a wrapper component that can be placed around any content. It will listen for a click event on its children, and toggle a popup menu
around the target element.

The popup menu is simply a list of items that allows a user to choose an option to perform a task.

This component supports a cascading menus by adding child options to a specific menu item.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Example

<LiveDemo dense={true} codeHtml={MenuDefaultCodeHtml()} codeTs={MenuDefaultCodeTs()}>
  <MenuDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> Menu options must be set via JavaScript (or through property binding if using a framework like Angular):

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="open" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls the open state of the popup menu.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="options" type="Array<IMenuOption | IMenuOptionGroup> | MenuOptionFactory" attr={false} defaultValue="[]">

Sets the `IMenuOption` items to display. If an `MenuOptionFactory` is provided as the value instead, then that will be used to fetch the options asynchronously.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selectedIndex" type="number" defaultValue="undefined">

Gets/sets the selected option to the index. Does not support cascading menus.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selectedValue" type="any" defaultValue="undefined">

Gets/sets the value of the option to select.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="placement" type="PopupPlacement" defaultValue="&quot;bottom-start&quot;">

Gets/sets the popup placement around the child element.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls dense state of the list options in the dropdown.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="iconClass" type="string" defaultValue="&quot;tyler-icons&quot;">

Sets the class to apply to the menu options when a leading icon is being used. Default to `tyler-icons`.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="persistSelection" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

When true, options that are selected will have a highlighted "selected" class applied that persists between the menu closing and opening.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="mode" type="MenuMode" defaultValue="'click'">

Gets/sets the mode that this menu is using.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="popupOffset" type="IPopupPosition" defaultValue="undefined">

Sets the position adustment on the internal popup element.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="popupElement" type="HTMLElement | undefined" defaultValue="undefined">

Gets/sets whether selection of menu items is persisted.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="optionBuilder" type="MenuOptionBuilder | undefined" defaultValue="undefined">

Sets the callback that will be executed for each option in the dropdown for producing custom option templates.
  
</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Methods

<MethodDef name="propagateKeyEvent(evt: KeyboardEvent): void;">

Force propagates the key event from another element this component.

</MethodDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                          | Description
| :-----------------------------| :-----------------
| `forge-menu-select`             | Emits when a menu item is selected from the dropdown. The data can be accessed via the `event.detail` property, and is of type `IMenuSelectEventData`.
| `forge-menu-open`               | Emits when a menu is opened.
| `forge-menu-close`              | Emits when a menu is closed.
| `forge-menu-active-change`      | Emits when the active menu item is changed. The data can be accessed via the 'event.detail' property, and is of type `IMenuActiveChangeEventData`.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Slots

| Name                           | Description
| :------------------------------| :----------------
| `default`                      | The default (unnamed) slot is where the child `<forge-button>` element will be placed.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### IMenuOption

```typescript
interface IMenuOption<T = any> extends IListDropdownOption<T> {
  icon?: string;
  selected?: boolean;
}
```

### IMenuOptionGroup

```typescript
export interface IMenuOptionGroup extends IListDropdownOptionGroup {}
```

### IMenuSelectEventData

```typescript
interface IMenuSelectEventData<T = any, K = any> {
  index: number;
  value?: T;
  parentValue?: K;
}
```

### IMenuActiveChangeEventData

```typescript
interface IMenuActiveChangeEventData {
  id: string;
}
```

### MenuOptionBuilder

```typescript
type MenuOptionBuilder = (option: IMenuOption, parentElement: HTMLElement) => HTMLElement | string | void;
```

### MenuOptionFactory

```typescript
type MenuOptionFactory = (() => IMenuOption[]) | (() => Promise<IMenuOption[]>);
```

### MenuMode

```typescript
type MenuMode = 'click' | 'cascade';
```

### PopupPlacement

```typescript
type PopupPlacement = 'top-start' | 'top' | 'top-end' | 'right-start' | 'right' | 'right-end' | 'bottom-start' | 'bottom' | 'bottom-end' | 'left-start' | 'left' | 'left-end';
```

</PageSection>

Commit message:

feat: add keyboard shortcuts to docs

src/stories/src/components/menu/menu.mdx, after:

import { DefaultTemplate as MenuDemo } from './templates/default';
import { MenuDefaultCodeHtml, MenuDefaultCodeTs } from './code/menu-default';

<PageSection>

## Usage

The menu component is a wrapper component that can be placed around any content. It will listen for a click event on its children, and toggle a popup menu
around the target element.

The popup menu is simply a list of items that allows a user to choose an option to perform a task.

This component supports a cascading menus by adding child options to a specific menu item.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Example

<LiveDemo dense={true} codeHtml={MenuDefaultCodeHtml()} codeTs={MenuDefaultCodeTs()}>
  <MenuDemo />
</LiveDemo>

> Menu options must be set via JavaScript (or through property binding if using a framework like Angular):

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Properties/Attributes

<PropertyDef name="open" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls the open state of the popup menu.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="options" type="Array<IMenuOption | IMenuOptionGroup> | MenuOptionFactory" attr={false} defaultValue="[]">

Sets the `IMenuOption` items to display. If an `MenuOptionFactory` is provided as the value instead, then that will be used to fetch the options asynchronously.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selectedIndex" type="number" defaultValue="undefined">

Gets/sets the selected option to the index. Does not support cascading menus.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="selectedValue" type="any" defaultValue="undefined">

Gets/sets the value of the option to select.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="placement" type="PopupPlacement" defaultValue="&quot;bottom-start&quot;">

Gets/sets the popup placement around the child element.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="dense" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

Controls dense state of the list options in the dropdown.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="iconClass" type="string" defaultValue="&quot;tyler-icons&quot;">

Sets the class to apply to the menu options when a leading icon is being used. Default to `tyler-icons`.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="persistSelection" type="boolean" defaultValue="false">

When true, options that are selected will have a highlighted "selected" class applied that persists between the menu closing and opening.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="mode" type="MenuMode" defaultValue="'click'">

Gets/sets the mode that this menu is using.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="popupOffset" type="IPopupPosition" defaultValue="undefined">

Sets the position adustment on the internal popup element.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="popupElement" type="HTMLElement | undefined" defaultValue="undefined">

Gets/sets whether selection of menu items is persisted.
  
</PropertyDef>

<PropertyDef name="optionBuilder" type="MenuOptionBuilder | undefined" defaultValue="undefined">

Sets the callback that will be executed for each option in the dropdown for producing custom option templates.
  
</PropertyDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Methods

<MethodDef name="propagateKeyEvent(evt: KeyboardEvent): void;">

Force propagates the key event from another element this component.

</MethodDef>

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Events

| Name                          | Description
| :-----------------------------| :-----------------
| `forge-menu-select`             | Emits when a menu item is selected from the dropdown. The data can be accessed via the `event.detail` property, and is of type `IMenuSelectEventData`.
| `forge-menu-open`               | Emits when a menu is opened.
| `forge-menu-close`              | Emits when a menu is closed.
| `forge-menu-active-change`      | Emits when the active menu item is changed. The data can be accessed via the 'event.detail' property, and is of type `IMenuActiveChangeEventData`.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Keyboard shortcuts

| Name                                | Description
| :-----------------------------------| :----------------
| **Menu open**                       |
| `tab`                               | Selects the focued menu item.
| `space / escape`                    | Closes the menu.
| `enter / arrow right`               | Opens and closes child menu of the focused menu item.
| `arrow left`                        | **Mode is Cascade:** Closes the menu.
| **Menu closed**                     |
| `space`                             | Opens the menu.
| `enter`                             | Opens the menu and Opens and closes child menu of the focused menu item.
| `arrow down`                        | Opens the menu and focuses the first menu item.

<br/>

See [List](?path=/docs/components-list--default#keyboard-shortcuts) for more keyboard shortcuts

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Slots

| Name                           | Description
| :------------------------------| :----------------
| `default`                      | The default (unnamed) slot is where the child `<forge-button>` element will be placed.

</PageSection>

---

<PageSection>

## Types

### IMenuOption

```typescript
interface IMenuOption<T = any> extends IListDropdownOption<T> {
  icon?: string;
  selected?: boolean;
}
```

### IMenuOptionGroup

```typescript
export interface IMenuOptionGroup extends IListDropdownOptionGroup {}
```

### IMenuSelectEventData

```typescript
interface IMenuSelectEventData<T = any, K = any> {
  index: number;
  value?: T;
  parentValue?: K;
}
```

### IMenuActiveChangeEventData

```typescript
interface IMenuActiveChangeEventData {
  id: string;
}
```

### MenuOptionBuilder

```typescript
type MenuOptionBuilder = (option: IMenuOption, parentElement: HTMLElement) => HTMLElement | string | void;
```

### MenuOptionFactory

```typescript
type MenuOptionFactory = (() => IMenuOption[]) | (() => Promise<IMenuOption[]>);
```

### MenuMode

```typescript
type MenuMode = 'click' | 'cascade';
```

### PopupPlacement

```typescript
type PopupPlacement = 'top-start' | 'top' | 'top-end' | 'right-start' | 'right' | 'right-end' | 'bottom-start' | 'bottom' | 'bottom-end' | 'left-start' | 'left' | 'left-end';
```

</PageSection>
